
EMILY HELLER@ICE THICKENERS@2019@Emily Heller compares Donald Trump to Air Bud, answers some FAQs about vegetarianism and recalls telling her personal trainer about her lack of fitness goals. The idea of this event is really simple. I just thought with everything thats happening in the world with Trump and Harvey Weinstein, and God, whos that guy who looks like hes wearing a kids size fake beard? James Toback, just anyway, with all of that, I just thought, I dont wanna tell my jokes to men anymore, so Im doing a special that is no men allowed. The idea of liberating my comedy from the male gaze, its just so freeing to me. To create this safe space full of just amazing women and non binary people, how do you take that electricity, that singular alchemy out of the room after tonight? I mean, its the question that every stand up special tries to answer, which is how do you capture lightening in a bottle? And then once you get the lightening in that bottle, how do you then keep men out of the bottle? Not only do I not want men at the show, I also dont want them to watch it ever. You know how they did those (phone dinging) Wonder Woman screenings that were… Is it okay if we actually hold? ‘Cause I have to make a quick family emergency related phone call thats not about this. – [Woman] Yeah. – Yeah. What do you mean? Well, how many tickets have we sold? Well, what the fuck do the woman of Seattle have to do tonight thats better than this? Well, what are you suggesting? (inhaling deeply) No, its fine. Its fine. I love you. Sorry about that. And action. (beeping) – [Woman] Emily, why did you change your mind? – Why did I change my mind? I just thought that as wonderful as it would have been to cultivate this space for women, wouldnt it do more good to give men the opportunity to come learn from my ideas, give men the opportunity to get these two for one tickets? They would come and they would see me in charge with a microphone, a woman, that is the real safe space. So thats the reason, and thats the real reason. (upbeat music) (Keep On Livin by Le Tigre) ? You hide inside, so not okay ? ? Keep on, keep on livin ? ? What if you remember more today? ? ? Keep on, keep on livin ? ? The phone rings but theres too much to say ? ? Keep on, keep on livin ? ? You tell them to go when you wish they would stay ? ? Keep on, keep on livin ? ? You gotta keep on, keep on livin ? ? You gotta keep on, keep on livin ? ? You gotta keep on ? – [Announcer] Please put your hands together for Emily Heller. (audience applauding) (audience cheering) Oh my God, oh, thank you so much. Oh! Seattle, thank you so much for coming out. All right, thats enough, thats enough. Oh my gosh, its so great to be here. I see some men here, thats fine. (audience laughing) Either you must be a little confused right now, cause for so long I didnt want you to come and then at the last minute, I was like, actually, I think I might need you here. And for you, that must have been confusing, like am I really welcome? The reason why I know that is cause thats how all women feel in every workplace. (audience laughing) (audience cheering) So, now you guys know. Thank you so much for being here. I dont know if you can tell from my glasses or everything about me, but Im not thrilled with the president right now. (audience laughing) Imagine if I looked like this and I was stoked. (audience laughing) What would my deal be? What an interesting person that would make me. I wish I was that interesting. Im not, Im just another sad, boring, liberal. (audience laughing) I kind of think Donald Trump is like the Air Bud of American politics. But I also think Air Bud was the villain of that movie. (audience laughing) Right, because imagine for a moment that you are one of the kids on the other basketball team. Youre one of the kids who has to play basketball against a golden retriever in front of your parents. (audience laughing) Youre just a kid who loves basketball, right? Youve been practicing basketball. You know the rules of basketball. You showed up to the gym that day expecting to play another child at basketball. (audience laughing) That was Hillary Clinton, right? (audience laughing) (audience applauding) She was just like, Put me in coach, for the last 20 years, and we finally did, and as soon as we did, this fuckin fluffy dog who has not business on the court comes running out, distracting everybody. He doesnt know the rules, he cant know the rules. (audience laughing) He is a dog. Hes traveling like crazy, wheres the ref? And everyones just fine with it because theres nothing in the rule book that says a pumpkin headed racist cant be president. Lets write more rules maybe, how about that? That seems like a pretty obvious fix. (audience cheering) (audience applauding) Also, I should say, I have not seen Air Bud. (audience laughing) But I feel like I pieced it together pretty well, dont you? I did write that joke before the election, when this was all still funny to me. I mean, that joke is still funny, but everything else is a waking nightmare. (audience laughing) Its a very weird time to be a comedian, or an alive person, just generally. But as a comedian, I definitely feel this palpable pressure to have something comforting, or at least coherent to say to you about whats happening in the world. And I dont, Im sorry, I got nothin. Ive been performing in a lot of other better countries recently. (audience laughing) You know, I can tell those people are not there for joke so much as an explanation. (audience laughing) I did some shows in Australia right after inauguration and I did an interview with a newspaper there to try and get people to come and see me perform. It didnt work. (audience laughing) And the only question the interviewer asked me was, whats it like to make jokes about President Trump? And that was the first time I had heard those two words together, so my response to this reporter was I started crying. (audience laughing) Just on the phone with an Australian stranger. Not one of my travel tips, if you ever go there. Because its not funny to me, its still not funny. And I understand why people sometimes make jokes when theyre right in the middle of a terrible situation. I get that impulse, I used to live in New York before I moved to LA, I used to ride the subway all the time. Very often when youre riding the subway in New York, itll stop underground in between stations. You have no idea how long youre gonna be there. People get stressed out, tense, claustrophobic. So I always liked to used to break the tension with a little joke. Id be like, I mean, I know its not the express train, but this is ridiculous, right guys? (audience laughing) And theyd be like, oh my god, thats so funny, are you a comedian? (audience laughing) And I would say, yes, a very famous one. And then the train would start up again, wed all get uptown like we knew we were going to. So I get it, I get making jokes when youre in a bad situation. This doesnt feel exactly like that, right? This doesnt feel like were just stopped momentarily but were definitely getting to the station eventually. This feels more like we all got on a train that we thought was going uptown. And instead of stopping, it very suddenly started going 800 miles an hour. (audience laughing) Were not even in Manhattan anymore, we are off roading it. We are just plowing through a SeaWorld in New Jersey. Kids are diving out of the way. Weve impaled an orca whale that was about to be released into the wild after 17 years in captivity. Because we all saw Blackfish and were makin some changes. But not soon enough, because she is dead now and we are just dragging this whale carcass behind this runaway subway car. And me and all my friends on the train are horrified, and were looking around at the other passengers like, Can you guys believe this shit? And they have their backs to us, but then their heads spin around like theyre in The Exorcist. (audience laughing) And theyre like, oh, we actually like the new train conductor, he says what he thinks. (audience laughing) And Im like, Okay, but hes not a train conductor, hes a human toilet, hes a toilet that a witch put a spell on and now it can talk. Id rather have an engineer in charge or something. And theyre like, No, no, no, its better with a human toilet, its about time this train ran more like a haunted bathroom. (audience laughing) Im like, whats going on, where are we? Are theyre like, Oh, youre in real America now, bitch. I hope you like staying pregnant. (audience laughing) I know, and then before I can even say anything to that, theres a horrible screeching noise because the runaway subway car that were all on has found its way onto the tracks of the rollercoaster at SeaWorld. And it has ground to a halt, upside down, at the top of the loppty loop, and thats where we are right now. (audience laughing) Were not stopped underground at in midtown headed to the Upper West Side, we are dangling from a fucking rollercoaster in Hoboken and we dont know if were gonna stop off and drop to our deaths or finish the loop and slam into a childrens hospital. (audience laughing) We dont know. It doesnt end good either way. And no one can see whats about to happen because the outside of the train car is still coated in orca blood, so everyone is real quiet. ‘Cause theyre just listening to see if they can hear whats about to happen, and it just doesnt feel appropriate for me to break the silence to be like, they call it SeaWorld, but I cant see anything, can you guys? (audience laughing) You might be relieved, I guess, if youre a Trump supporter who found their way in here somehow. If thats the case, all that I ask is that at no point do you make that known to me in any way. (audience laughing) If you would be so kind. But you know what, congratulations on bucking the stereotype and showing up to hear a woman talk for an hour. (audience applauding) (audience cheering) I would be genuinely impressed with your nuance if thats what happened. Im not that nuanced myself, Im very predictable. I am in therapy, anyone else in therapy? (audience cheering) Yeah! Some people here know theyre not perfect, a few of you in deep denial. (audience laughing) I think everyone should be in therapy, everyone should be in therapy. Dont do it for yourself, do it for your friends. (audience cheering) They dont wanna hear that shit anymore. If you think you dont need therapy, heres what I want you to do. Tell your best friend that youre thinking about it, see how relieved they look. (audience laughing) Thats all Im saying. You dont have to be on the brink of despair to go into therapy, Im a pretty happy person. Im a pretty happy person. Sometimes I think Im depressed, but then usually I just need to take my bra off. (audience laughing) Its like, oh, thats what that was. Im a happy person in therapy, which I recommend. Because I walk in there confident. I walk in there with the confidence that I imagine people who floss have when they go to the dentist. (audience laughing) Im speculating. Just like, were probably not gonna find anything, but lets take a look, huh? (audience laughing) I dont think Im going to therapy to get better so much as I am just waiting for the day when my therapist tells me Im her favorite client. (audience laughing) Thats all I want. I just wanna show up on day and have her say, Listen, I cant take your money anymore. Do you wanna just hangout? (audience laughing) Ill tell you about my other patients. As your prize for being the least crazy. I dont think thats too much to ask for. Im tryin real hard, Im suckin up, I do all the good therapy things, like, I cry every week right at the beginning. Just to let her know I mean business, I came here to work. Crying is the best thing you can do in therapy and I do it every week right at the top, thats like starting a song with a guitar solo. (audience laughing) Its the Carlos Santana smooth of therapy moves. (audience cheering) (audience laughing) Featuring Rob Thomas. And yeah, thats an old reference, but write a song that rocks harder and Ill update it. (audience laughing) I really thought I was nailin it and then a friend of mine told me that she made her therapist cry recently. (audience laughing) I know, I was like, Fuck, I gotta step it up. Do you like your therapist? – [Woman] I do. – You do, why do you like your therapist? – [Woman] She actually says things in therapy. – She actually says things in therapy? You are holding her to such a low standard. (audience laughing) It doesnt matter what she says, I just like that she talks. How did you find your therapist? – Actually, it was through a referral of another therapist. – It was through a referral of another therapist. Thats the perfect answer, thats the only way to go. Some people say they get a referral from their friend, you cant do that. First of all, which friend do you ask? Its gotta be someone whos visibly improved in the time youve known them. (audience laughing) ‘Cause otherwise, how do you know? But then you cant go to the same therapist as your friend. Ive tried that before, it didnt work. The whole time I just wanted to be like, Let me tell you what Kims real problem is. (audience laughing) I know that bitch is not being honest with you. (audience laughing) I did what you did, I got a referral from another therapist. ‘Cause I didnt wanna use Yelp. The one thing I know about people who leave Yelp reviews is that they have not received effective therapy. (audience laughing) I got some referrals, I went to their websites thinking maybe the websites will help me chose between them. Their websites, it turns out, were all basically identical. They all had the exact same qualifications, the exact same mission statement. No one was out there being like, I dropped out of middle school and Im gonna make you crazy. (audience laughing) It was basically the same. There was no dancing baby gifs to help me definitely pick that one. (audience laughing) The only difference I actually found website to website was their picture, so that is how I chose. (audience laughing) I dont feel good about it, I didnt have a choice. I became as shallow as the men I am going to therapy to talk about. ‘Cause heres whats fucked up, you guys. I went with the pretty blonde lady therapist. Yeah, my natural enemy, why would I do that? That doesnt even make any earthly sense. How is she gonna understand my problems, right? Im gonna be like, Im afraid hes gonna leave me. I dont know what that is. (audience laughing) Sometimes I think I might not deserve love. God, its like youre speakin Chinese over here. (audience laughing) But it turns out, it was actually a great call. Hot people are amazing at therapy. Because there is nothing I feel guilty complaining to her about, because I just assume her life is better than mine. The last thing I want is a therapist whos gonna put my problem in perspective. (audience laughing) I dont wanna think for a second that my life is going better than my therapists. If I walked in there and my therapist had an eye patch on or a peg leg, Id just be like, You know what, Im good, Im gonna walk it off. We got bigger questions we need to answer, such is why is this pirate a therapist now? Whats goin on in their industry that theyre fallin back on their MFTs? This economy is really effecting everyone. That is a joke, but the other day my therapist had a bandaid on and I was like, Should we cancel? (audience laughing) I am a pretty predictable person though, I am a vegetarian which of course means that people like to argue with me a lot. Thats the main thing that means. Thats something about me that people really dont like, and that makes me sad. I wish theyd take the time to get to know me. I think theyd realize there are a lot of other things about me that are much worse. (audience laughing) The fact that Im annoying about food is actually one of my better qualities. And I dont talk about it. I mean, I realize I brought it up almost immediately tonight, but you have to believe me, offstage I do not talk about it because Ive heard the feedback from you meat eaters and that feedback was shut the fuck up. (audience laughing) And Ive heard you, Ive internalized that, Ive shut the fuck up, but theres the thing. Sometimes when people hear me order at a restaurant or something, they find out I dont eat meat, they actually have a lot of questions about it, and thats confusing to me because on the one hand I know Im supposed to shut the fuck up, but then on the other hand I usually answer direct questions that are asked to my face. Its this weird thing about me. And Im tired of that happening, so what I decided to do is Im just gonna answer all the questions onstage, right now, so no one has to ask them ever again. Theres only three questions that people usually ask, its the same three questions all the time. The first question people always ask is why, and thats personal, but Ill tell you. My reasons are probably the same as everyone elses. I just love farting. (audience laughing) I love to fart, vegetarianism makes that possible for me. I dont know if the meat was acting like some kind of cork, Im not a scientist. (audience laughing) But its working out. The second question people always ask is, where do you get your protein? Like thats not a creepy thing to ask someone you barely know. (audience laughing) That is not information that I owe you. I dont think Id mind that question so much, its just that no one whos ever asked me that has been healthy. Its never people with a gym membership who are asking me where I get my protein. Its always people who only know where they get their protein and dont know where they get any of their other nutrients. And Ill answer that question, but I dont like to, cause the honest answer is I get my protein from hemp powder. I dont like telling people that. (audience laughing) Because if theres one thing I know is more annoying than someone talking about being a vegetarian, it is a white person explaining the many uses of hemp. (audience laughing) I dont know which conversation I wanna be in less, honestly. And then the last question people ask, its always a hypothetical. I think to try and figure out exactly what it would take to get me to eat meat again, they all think theyre gonna crack it. Its always like, okay, but like, what if you were in the woods and you had no food, would you eat a deer? Im always like, what are you planning? That is the most terrifying question Ive ever heard and multiple people have asked me that. And of course the answer is yes, I would eat a deer, but can we maybe back up, just like a couple steps and talk about how I ended up in the woods without my cellphone? (audience laughing) That doesnt sound like me. Something big went wrong and I dont understand why were just glossing right over it and getting to these pretty unimportant questions about my new life. (audience laughing) Also, just to clarify, in this scenario, Im athletic enough to hunt and kill a deer. (audience laughing) Fuck yeah, Im eatin that thing. This is a parallel universe were talking about. Im not even sure morality exists on the planet you just described because I know gravity doesnt. (audience laughing) Ill let you guys all in on a little secret, it does not take that much to get me to eat meat again. It really doesnt, all you have to do is put the pepperoni under the cheese and not tell me about it. (audience laughing) Not only will I eat it, I will spend the next month talking about how thats the best pizza Ive ever had in my entire life. (audience laughing) Cannot put my finger on why. I know I need to work out more than the zero I have been. Its very hard for me to motivate though because as soon as I put on workout clothes, I feel done. (audience laughing) Im already cos playing as an exerciser. (audience laughing) I dont need to take the fantasy any further than that. The only reason why I wanna workout is so my pants will fit. If you get me in spandex, we did it. (audience laughing) Mission accomplished. Plus, once Im wearing workout clothes, I never wanna leave the house. ‘Cause I know how I look in them, its an indoor look. Dont get me wrong, I know I have a beautiful body, I just kind of think only fit people can look good in workout clothes. Its a broken system, theres no way in for me. (audience laughing) And its not because theyre hotter than me, we all know they arent. Its just that only fit people look self actualized when theyre wearing workout clothes. You see a person in workout clothes, you think, oh, shes doing what she wants to do with her life. You see me in workout clothes, its just like, oh, someone had a talk with her. (audience laughing) Probably a doctor. Everyday is January 2nd for me in workout clothes. I cannot look like Im having a good time. And I dont like the idea that someone might be looking at me wearing them thinking, oh, shes trying to better herself. So thats why when I do workout, I just wear a hospital gown. (audience laughing) ‘Cause I dont want people to think that Im trying to better myself, I want them to think Im already beating the odds. I think in a true sign of the apocalypse, I joined a gym last year. I joined for what I actually think is a pretty unusual reason. I joined because at the age of 31, I was diagnosed with attention deficit disorder. Maybe soon Ill get my braces off, get my period, who knows. (audience laughing) But Ive been reading more about it, in short spurts. (audience laughing) And it turns out that one of the things that is supposed to really help with ADHD is regular exercise, which was devastating news. (audience laughing) Because I know empirically I will not workout for the sake of my body, but it turns out I will give it a go for my brain. My brains very important to me, its where all my Tweets come from. (audience laughing) My brain gives me gifts my body never has. The other day my brain gave me a new theme song for the TV show Frasier, but its set to the tune of the theme song for the TV show Friends. Dont worry, I am gonna sing it. So its like, ? So no one told you were Dr. Fraser Crane ? ? Your job is talking on the phone to the insane ? ? Its like youre always stuck in second Cheers. ? (audience laughing) So you see. Okay, okay, good, so you guys see why I need to keep this thing at 100%. For your sake. So I joined a gym, my gym membership came with a free personal training session. And I was like, oh, well that sounds like that sucks. But I also dont know how to do anything there cause Ive never been to a gym before, so I was like, maybe Ill just use that time to learn how to use the machines without bonking my head, and then Ill never have to talk to another human being at the gym for the rest of my life. And I told him that plan when I got there, and it wasnt him, because I didnt get to choose. And he was like, I totally get it, but first we do need to do a questionnaire about your fitness goals. And I was like, Oh, I feel like it should be clear from that last thing I said that I do not have fitness goals. My fitness goal was to join a gym, and I did that already, so I kind of feel like taking the rest of the year off, if Im being perfectly honest. And he was like, its not that big of a deal. All you have to do is just tell me what it is youre hoping to get out of this. And I was like, Okay, I guess I would like to improve my posture, my stamina, my general energy level. And he goes, Okay, great, and your goal weight? And I was like, Oh, not applicable. And he was like, You dont wanna lose weight? And I was like, No, I do not. And he got this look on his face that told me that what he was thinking was, but I can see you. (audience laughing) But heres the thing you guys, I wasnt lying, I wasnt trying to be snarky or cram my feminism down his throat. Im genuinely not interested in losing weight. Thats not why I walked in there that day. Nothing against you if thats something you want. I think I used to want that when I was younger, and then what happened was I gained 40 pounds and then I started making a lot of money and having a lot of sex. (audience laughing) (audience cheering) And okay… Im not saying the weight is why that happened, but I also dont wanna jinx it. (audience laughing) And what would I stand to gain by getting skinny at this point? Just being too hungry to enjoy the money and the sex. Im trying to buy some butter and lick it off a dude. (audience laughing) So I dont wanna lose weight. And he goes, but, what are your fitness goals? I was like, posture, stamina, energy. Im committing to it now. And he goes, And you dont wanna lose weight? And I was like, No, I do not. And he goes, but you have to be specific with me about your fitness goals. I was like, Oh, Im sorry, leg posture. (audience laughing) Butt stamina, hand energy, is that specific enough? I have ADHD, I really cant sit here that much longer. And he goes, Okay, but like, looking in the mirror, theres nothing you wanna change? I was like, I dont know, maybe the person Im talking to right now. (audience laughing) (audience cheering) He goes, Let me put it this way, if you lost weight, would that be okay with you? And at that point, it was clear to me that he was not gonna let me leave there until I admitted to him that I was Slimer from the Ghostbusters. So I decided to throw him a bone. I was like, Okay, I guess ever since I put on weight, Ive got a little bit more meat in my neck. Its made breathing a little bit harder than it used to be from certain angles when Im lying down on the couch. (audience laughing) I guess if that improved, Id be fine with it. And you guys, he looked so relieved. He just like, Okay, so we wanna lose some weight. And he wrote it down, and the quiz was over. Isnt that crazy? Im still so mad about it, you know? Im not mad at him, he was just doin his job. Im just mad at me, cause I missed an opportunity to just walk in there and be like, Oh yeah, my goal weight, this plus like 500. (audience laughing) Yeah, I wanna gain 500 pounds, but I only wanna gain it from here up. (audience laughing) I wanna be like a perfect circle, no neck, neck gone. Just a perfect circle, same size legs. That parts really important. Basically what Im saying is I wanna look like the sexy green M&M, can you make that happen for me? (audience cheering) I will not be happy until you can roll me out of here Willy Wonka style, and if you cant make that happen for me, I will find a gym that can, maybe a Curves. Maybe a Curve singular, cause I do just wanna be the one curve, real women have curve. (audience laughing) A lot of times when I tell that story. I can tell there are people in the audience who feel bad for me, and I need you to know I dont need that. Dont do that, I need you to know something you guys. I am immune to body shame, I dont know why. I think it might be a side effect of being immune to all other kinds of shame. (audience laughing) (audience cheering) (audience applauding) Someone said to my face the other day, you look tired. And I was not offended at all. I was just like, Oh, yeah, that is accurate, I am tired. Ive actually been tired everyday since I was 14 years old. Yeah, I wake up tired, I got to bed tired, I get middle of the day tired. I probably get tired while Im sleeping, I just dont know about it. (audience laughing) Obviously the fact that youre telling me that I look tired to you, all that tells me is that at some point in our relationship I didnt look tired to you, and I dont know how I pulled that off. Thats incredible, this is not an insult today. This is just a compliment that took a few months to get here. (audience laughing) But better late than never, Im not a go getter either, take your time. I think Im trying to be more okay with other peoples rudeness so that I can in turn be rude to others, right? Im being the change I want to see in the world. (audience laughing) Because the world is ending, we dont got time. I dont have time for politeness anymore. I dont have time for small talk. I dont have time for icebreakers. Im only interested in ice thickeners right now. Global warming, we need it, right? An icebreaker is like, Oh, when did you get married? And ice thickener is like, Oh, why did you get married? (audience laughing) Dont act like youre not more interested in the answer to that question. Its a better question, why am I not allowed to ask that? I know when you got married. Im on Facebook, Ive looked at all the pictures already. The whole point of us talking face to face is so that you can tell me the shit youre not allowed to put online. Did you think you were pregnant? (audience laughing) Thats all I wanna know. Are there any parents here tonight? (audience applauding) A few, a few tired claps. How many kids do you have? – [Woman] One. – One, how old is your kid? – [Woman] Nine and a half months. – Nine and a half months, and its going good? – Yeah, yeah, he actually sleeps. – He actually sleeps, okay. I like that thats peoples answers for like, Its going well, sometimes theyre unconscious. (audience laughing) Just objectively, a bad hobby is when its going well, youre not really doing it, you know what I mean? Im sorry, Im not very natural at crowd work about children because Im not interested in them. (audience laughing) I dont wanna be a mom, is that clear? I dont wanna be a mom, I do really wanna be a grandma though. Is there a way I can make that happen? Do I need to adopt a pregnant teenager? Put me on the list. I just feel like being a grandma is the only way Im ever gonna be considered cool. Like, Im not cool now, I shush people for fun. (audience laughing) I love rules, I love bedtime, I dont really go to parties. When I do, I smoke a little bit of pot, I go home at 9:00. But heres the thing, if youre a grandma and you do that, thats pretty cool, right? (audience laughing) Thats a cool grandma, you see what Im saying? Thats a low bar, I can clear that bar. That rule doesnt apply to moms though. Its a double standard. If youre at a party and a mom starts rapping, everybodys like, Shut up, Mom! (audience laughing) But if a grandma starts rapping, youre like, Oh shit! (audience laughing) Thats about to pop off. Its not fair, if youre a mom, youre not allowed to just quit your job and cover your body in tattoos, and drop a bunch of molly, and go on a fuck rampage across Italy. (audience laughing) But if youre a grandma and you do that, you get a book deal. (audience laughing) How is that fair? A mom gets arrested, a grandma, Hellen Mirren plays her in the movie. (audience laughing) What kind of fucked up curse is that where not until your kid has a kid do you get to do cool shit. No wonder your parents want you to give them grandkids so bad. No wonder they love those grandkids more than their own children, theyre the ones who broke the curse. (audience laughing) And set them free to go fuck Italian guys. (audience cheering) (audience applauding) Glad you guys all enjoyed picturing your parents fucking an Italian guy. You wanna hear something weird? You guys were all picturing the exact same Italian guy. I dont know how I know that. (audience laughing) I do have a boyfriend which is fine. (audience laughing) Its fine, it didnt fix it. I mean, everyone acted like that was gonna fix it. It didnt fix it, its fine. There are some things that are better about being in a relationship. Seesaws. (audience laughing) Oh my god, so much better with another person. That is like night and day. And thats it. (audience laughing) No, sex is good with another person. But it was pretty good when it was just me. Im not gonna act like that wasnt tight. I knocked it out, you guys, sometimes still do. We got any masturbators here? (audience cheering) Thanks for takin a break, comin out. (audience laughing) I appreciate your sacrifice. Lets all just do one of these while were here. (audience laughing) I love my boyfriend. (gagging) Oh god, Im so sorry, Im so sorry. I have to say that for the joke, but I also want you to know that I am sorry. I love my boyfriend, Ive told him so. I definitely told him that I loved his dick first. And then about three months passed and then I said it to the rest of his body. (audience laughing) Thats weird, right? What happened in those three months? I guess some ambiguity got cleared up that I never felt about his penis. His penis, I was like, yep, for sure. And then him, I was like, lets hangout a few more times. (audience laughing) I have follow up questions. My boyfriend loves that joke. Hes always like, Are you gonna tell the joke about how my dick is good? (audience laughing) Im like, Its not a joke about how your dick is good. Its a joke about how I wasnt sure youre not a serial killer. (audience laughing) Im never sure, Im always so cautious at the beginning of a new relationship. Just because everyone I know is dating the worst person Ive ever met. (audience laughing) Anyone else here know someone whos dating someone horrible? Yes, youre being a little quiet about it. Are you here with them? I get it, you can never say a word. And I dont trust myself not to be that person in the terrible relationship. I know for a fact Im that person. I dated a guy who went to mime school for two and a half years. (audience laughing) And he broke up with me, I didnt even get out of that on my own. He broke up with me before he graduated. (audience laughing) And I still went to his graduation. Because I wanted to be the bigger person. I wanted to be supportive, go watch him accept that invisible diploma. (audience laughing) And I was talking to my best friend on my way over there and she was like, Emily, dont go to that. You know his new girlfriends gonna be there, dont you think youre gonna be jealous? I was like, you remember I said Im going to his mime school graduation, right? (audience laughing) I think my jealousys gonna be under control. I dont think Im gonna be sitting there looking at her goin, Oh, you lucky bitch, I wish I was takin that striped mother fucker home tonight. No, listen, if you want to get over someone, and I mean like really thoroughly get over them, go to their mime school graduation… (audience laughing) If you get a chance, that was like getting an hour long pat on the back from a white gloved hand. (audience laughing) Just gently saying to me, You are better off. Well, not saying it. (audience laughing) It took all my strength too not to just shout out in the middle of the whole thing, Hey, why dont you do the one where youre a… trapped in an unhappy relationship. (audience laughing) Why dont you do the one where youre… Stringing someone along for two and a half years. Youre good at that one. (audience cheering) Thank you. Ill accept your applause. A lot of work went into that joke. A lot of work, not just writing it or practicing it, or honing it in front of audiences. It was the two and a half years of dating someone who wasnt even a mime yet. (audience laughing) Youre like, Ive earned an applause break on that one, thats all. All that is to say Im cautious now. But the signs are good with my current boyfriend. There are no red flags, hes friends with all his ex girlfriends, which I actually take as a great sign. It means he didnt serial kill them. (audience laughing) Theyre all still around, walking, talking, vouching for him. Thats important to me. Honestly, the only thing I dont like about that is I do think that sets a very unfair precedent for me for how mature he expects me to be when we break up. And that is not gonna happen, I am going to burn his house down. I dont care if he breaks up with me or I break up with him, I am burning it to the ground. I love him, hes so nice, Im burning it to the ground. We just moved in together, I dont have a back up plan on where to live. But I do have renters insurance. (audience laughing) Ill be honest with you, I dont understand how people stay friends with their exes after a breakup. Its like, why would you wanna stay friends with the one person who knows whats really wrong with you, right? Put the person on a rocket ship to the moon, I dont need to see them ever again. I definitely dont need them hangin around in my life, ready to warn all the new people Im tryin to trick. (audience laughing) Thats not a liability I can afford. Im not that good of a person. My boyfriend and I, we did move in together. Were also not planning on ever getting married or having kids, so this is it, we did it. (audience cheering) (audience applauding) Its very anticlimactic. Like, have you ever fallen asleep on an airplane and then woken up as its landing? Like, oh, are we here? Thats how I feel in my relationship everyday. (audience laughing) Its great, but it is literally unceremonious. There will not be a ceremony. And its weird that Im gonna be calling him my boyfriend forever. ‘Cause Im not gonna break up with him, hes definitely not gonna break up with me. Hes heard that last joke. So that means that if all goes to plan, at some point, Im gonna have a 70 year old boyfriend. Hes 68 now. (audience laughing) But like, I already feels childish to call him that, but there arent really good alternatives. I want people to take our relationship seriously. Boyfriend doesnt communicate that, but Im not gonna call him my partner. Weve never played tennis or closed a deal. (audience laughing) Were not that active. Im not gonna call him my lover, that doesnt tell people were committed, it just tells them we dont use condoms. (audience laughing) Soulmate I actually like, its very spooky, very Halloweeny, I like that. But the problem is, I dont think it applies to us. I dont think hes my soulmate. Im sorry if that makes you sad. I just kind of think in order to be soulmates, you have to at least have the same opinion about Star Wars, and my boyfriends opinion is that its not that boring. So, oh my god, we are not soulmates because those movies are so boring, oh my god, oh. And if this is the point in the show where Ive lost you, good riddance, nerd. (audience laughing) Oh my god, I dont care. I will die on this hill. I met my boyfriend online, thats where I do all my shopping. (audience laughing) I have Amazon Prime too, so it was like two days, so fast. Im kidding, of course, it took forever and I met a million monsters, it was the worst. It was like trying to meet Super Mario, it was just like monster after monster after monster. Just like, turtle, mushroom, lizard, just like over and over and over again, until I eventually found the princess. I call him princess now, hes fine with it. Are the nerds back? Anyway. (audience laughing) I think the weirdest reaction that I get though is when I introduce my boyfriend to one of my friends and they find out that we met online, theyre always like, You met him online? Hes so normal, you won the lottery. Im always like, How dare you? Because I did online dating for years before I met him. Winning the lottery takes one day, no skill. That analogy does not properly honor my resilience. Do you have any idea how many mens opinions I had to listen to before I met him? (audience laughing) How many conversations I had about Quentin Tarantino? It was just one conversation, but I had it a hundred times. (audience laughing) And it ended the same way every time, with me saying, Yeah, I havent seen that one either. (audience laughing) And thats just once you get to the date. Before the date theres the profiles and the messages. When you are a straight woman online dating, you just have to read a bunch of personal essay by unaccomplished men. (audience laughing) Its the worst book club youve ever joined. (audience laughing) Not one of them has done a single thing to earn a minute of your attention. So no, I didnt win the lottery, that doesnt describe my experience. What happened was I ate at a restaurant that gave me food poisoning everyday for years. And then one day I tried the pasta and it was fine. (audience laughing) And I was like, Oh, I guess this is what Im ordering now. I might get bored of this eventually, but I cannot risk it on another menu item… (audience laughing) At this point in my life. I dont want you guys leaving here thinking I hate men. I want you leaving here knowing it for sure. (audience laughing) And you know, usually I feel like I need to justify that further, but you read the news, you get it. (audience laughing) But the truth is, I feel like I escaped from online dating relatively unscathed compared to other people. I never got harassed, I never got assaulted. Only one guy I went out with ended up being a DJ. (audience applauding) I know you guys believe me, but sometimes there are people who dont. And so I always feel the need to back up what Im saying with some evidence. So I did bring a little bit of an exhibit A, just in case you were wondering what were really up against out there. Im gonna read to you a real message that I got on the dating website OkCupid. Yeah, the women know whats coming. (audience laughing) Im not gonna preface it because I dont know how to. (audience laughing) Im just going to tell you that this real. I know I have to say that because people have come up to me after shows and been like, Oh my god, how did you come up with that? No. (audience laughing) I wish this didnt happen to me. This is a real message that a human being sent to me, another human being, on the dating website OkCupid. Hello Maam. (audience laughing) Okay, I feel like were all in agreement about that being like a rough start, yeah? Its somehow both polite and so rude. (audience laughing) Hello Maam, great pics, I love it. Can I be your errand boy or human dog? (audience laughing) I am good with content writing, designing basic websites, doing a bit of photography, video editing, house cleaning, doing errands, light cooking, and I am also fine with racial humiliation, et cetera. (audience laughing) Okay, so I dont know about you guys, but for me personally, racial humiliation is the only item on that list where I dont know what an et cetera means after it. (audience laughing) And its the only one that got one. He could of put that etcetera anywhere else in that paragraph, I would have been fine. Designing basic website, etcetera. Okay, he knows HTML, maybe a little bit of Photoshop, I get that. By the way, Im not okay with racial humiliation. There is no way Im cool with the et cetera that comes after it. (audience laughing) Unless it stands for apologizing for the racial humiliation. I dont like the way he phrased that either. I am also fine with racial humi. Like I brought it up. (audience laughing) Like thats my deal breaker were negotiating on. Id also just like to point out none of these are things a human dog would do. (audience laughing) He promised me human dog, why is he offering to write me content? (audience laughing) He should drink out of a bowl with his tongue. Thats all Im saying. (audience cheering) The next paragraph is just a marvel of the English language. I have lived in LA for two years, but now I am back and want to move back to LA. (audience laughing) Where do you live, Bro? I mean, I know its a van, but where is it parked? (audience laughing) I can probably get a job. (audience laughing) Women love confidence, he knows this. I can probably get a job and you can control my paychecks and money. (audience laughing) Please consider, GK. So I wrote him back. (audience laughing) What, am I not gonna write him back? Do you guys wanna hear what I wrote him back? (audience cheering) Do you guys wanna hear what I wrote him back? (audience cheering) Okay. Okay. Hey Man, Im in. Thank you, Seattle, its been so great being here. (audience cheering) Have a great night. (upbeat music)

DAVID CROSS@OH COME ON@2019@Oh, Come On. Parenting, his Trump fantasy, and the joys of colonic therapy are among the specials themes. * * * [Cross] And you gotta do it, it really makes them… really bothers them, really bothers them. [laughs] Just maybe, add the clapping to it…Whee! And– and also, yeah, they have them in D.C., which I just did like last week. And it did the same thing there. And when I was in D.C., and if you ever get a chance to go, its… The city itself is not– I mean, every– One thing thats cool about D.C. is like only good things come from there, and theres just decent people ev– wherever you walk. And… but the museums are amazing. Uh, they– they truly are. But the first thing I always do when I get to D.C., and I did it this time as well, is I always go and pay my respects to the Tomb of the Unknown Lobbyist. And, uh… its great. And except they have this weird rule, when you go into the room, you have to take your shoes off before you enter, which is weird. You dont have to do that anywhere else. And I asked the guy, Why do I have to take my shoes off to come in here? And he said, Um, oh, you have to be soulless to enter. And… And just so you know, this is not my set. Im just dicking around, Im saying hi. This is– I dont want anybody to get, you know, like, what, is it just this for a while? Yeah. Im just… No, the sets coming up, its fucking awesome. Its 100 percent fresh, Rotten Tomatoes, youre gonna love it, everybodys gonna be having a great time. Its great, Im just warming up, so, you know, you get to know me, I get to know you, that kind of thing and… But before I do get into the actual set, I do first want to… address the tragic events that occurred just to address them, acknowledge them, whatever. Uh, theres nothing, obviously nothing funny about it, the terrorist bombings were awful, and… The terrorist bombings that took place at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics were awful. The loss of life was staggering. And… and they were terrible. But I believe you have to find a silver lining in everything. And as awful as they were, I do think that the… 2024 U.S. Paralympic team should have a very strong showing. Too soon? Too soon. Its just… its too soon. So I was on the… I was on the internet the other day, just dicking around, whatever, and I saw this story that said AIDS was started by a monkey. And I hope it wasnt Michael Nesmith, you know? ‘Cause hes really the most talented one. He wrote all the songs. When we think fondly of The Monkees catalogue, its… Hm… Too late? Yeah. First joke was too soon, second one was too late. Right. So I think I speak for everyone in this room here tonight when I say that I recently had a baby. And… No, and youre right not to applaud. You are, you are right not to applaud. Im not being facetious. Its… I dont know why people applaud that. It happens roughly half of the shows, people applaud. And it always bothered me. Even before I had a kid, that just, you know… Uh, Yeah, so I had a kid. Yay! Theres… I havent– I havent done anything applause-worthy yet. You know what Im saying? I mean, you know, I barely had anything to do with it in the first place. -My wife… -[audience] Whoo! -[applause] -…had an affair. [laughter] I mean, look, come back and find me in 18 years. And if Ive produced a decent, kind, ethical, moral, charitable, contributing member to society, then I will gladly accept your applause, but, you know, I… you know, its a little early to tell is what Im… I mean, she could turn out to be a cunt. You know? She could, it happens all the time. Fucking happens all the time, and you know it. You know well-intended, well-meaning parents do the right thing, and yet they raise asshole fucking children. Their children are fucking shitty pieces of shitty asshole shit. And… And it happens, you know? It happens. And, I mean, obviously my wife and I are, you know, were not going to intentionally raise a TSA agent. But, you know, it… We could put in all the work, and she still ends up being like kinda… half Ann Coulter, half girl who killed her friend cause of Slender Man. You know, you dont know. You dont know. You can throw as many future feminist onesies on an infant, doesnt mean shit. She doesnt know what it means, it doesnt work through osmosis. You know? When I was growing up, my dad had a coffee mug that said Worlds Greatest Dad on it. And he was a lying asshole piece of shit. He was a piece of shit. So what Im saying is those onesies and mugs are just lying straight to your face. They dont care. You know. I blame the Chinese, really. Uh… But, you know, I am a first-time father. Longtime listener. And… And just to allay any fears, Im… Im not gonna do an hour of dad jokes. All right? Not… just sometimes people… -Yes, exactly. -[scattered cheering] You can feel the tension in the room right about that point where, like, Wait, hes not gonna talk about having a kid for an hour, is he? You know… And… Im not going to do that to you. One, its boring. And two, it would make me quite a hypocrite, you know, based on a lot of the material Ive done in the past, so… But you know it has been my world for the last year. I mean, thats… its a wholly unique experience to me. So of course Ive made some observations and thought of some funny things and Ill share those and hopefully you wont have to have had a kid to get them and appreciate the jokes. And Im certainly not gonna tell you, you know, how amazing she is or anything like that. But she is precocious, I will say that. She is… She is precocious. Shes… shes 54 weeks old. Uh… But if you see her, youd be like, How old– what is she, 62 weeks old? Like, No, actually, no. Shes actually– I know. Thank you, though, thank you. I know. Shes very mature for her age. You dont– Yes, you know, she carries herself with a… Or I carry her, but, you know, she exudes a kind of maturity you dont often associate with a 54-week… But, you know, it is a fascinating thing to be a part of, to watch the evolution of this thing. ‘Cause when theyre born, theres nothing. Theres no communication, its nothing. Its a blob, its not, you know, but then over time, you know, it starts to evolve, it starts to become a person and personality traits start to exhibit themselves. And its really fascinating, and Im really looking forward to that… that big shift, you know, that happens, that big change where you finally start to love them. And thats… [laughs] Hurry up with that part, please. When is it gonna be worth it in any way, shape or form? Please? But I am excited to meet her. I think thats gonna be cool. Im looking forward to that. Thats gonna be cool. Im doing that thing, its a very Brooklyn thing, where you dont meet your kid for the first seven years. You know? You keep them pure, you keep them away, so shes in a yurt in a bubble underwater and will be there for seven years. And then this way, I cant taint her with any of my straight, white, hetero, cis, normative maleness things. And Ive also decided that Im not gonna teach her to use pronouns when referring to people. Yes. No hes or shes. But everybody will be they. You know? And not necessarily so that shell be progressive about sexual and gender identity. But so that shell fail English. So… Oh, she said her first word the other day. Thats pretty cool. Thats a milestone that, you know, you cant help but be proud of. She said Pyongyang. Which is… pretty cool. Up on current events. No, she doesnt talk, but she does that kind of monosyllabic noises, you know, a lot of just sort of like, Pa, pa! Ta, ta! Ca! Sha! Fa! Ca, ca! You know, that kind of thing, which is really kind of cute and endearing most of the time. But really quite the opposite early in the morning when, you know, she first wakes up and its like 6:30 in the morning and Im completely out of it and I gotta change her diaper and then I gotta go downstairs and, you know, get the mug out of the thing and fill it with water and put it in the microwave and get the thing… You know, cause Im holding her with my left arm and her mouth is right here, its literally right here. Its… her mouth is right here and Im doing all this stuff and, you know, getting the milk ready and getting my dogs medicine and food together, doing all this stuff and its… and its dark and its, again, Im just groggy and out of it, you know… And Im doing this by myself. Im there by myself because my wife is off in, you know, LA or San Francisco or Chicago or somewhere, you know, smashing the patriarchy. And… [cheering] And the irony is not lost on me. Its not lost on what is currently taking place. And anyway, so Im getting all that stuff together, and as I said, its dark, and the whole time Im doing that, shes sitting there in my ear just going, Ba, ba… Ta, ta… Sa, sa… And its like Ive got my own personalized 80s horror movie soundtrack playing. Like, Stop it! Stop it. Thats… Dont do that! Youre creeping me out. Stop it! Im serious. And Ive gotta put her down. Ive gotta put her down. I cant put her on the floor, so, you know, I undo the oven door and set her on that. And, um… its fine. Its fine. Its fine. You know. If nothing else, it allows her to get a little closer to the history of her peoples, you know. And… [audience laughing, groaning] Her great-grandfather built ovens. For the Nazis. Now, heres the thing. He got out, he got out, Ashville, he got out. You judgmental fucks. So dont… seriously. But we have to, um… Her one year physical is coming up. We have to take her for her one year physical, which everyone of my friends with kids, which is a lot of them, you know, have all said the same thing. And I know if you have kids you know what Im about to say. Just like, Oh, my God, its so hard to watch them go through that. Its really difficult. Its awful. You know, cause theres all these needles cause theres vaccinations, they have to draw blood, all this shit happens. Oh, my God, its so terrible to watch them go through that, its awful. And… So what Ive been doing, with that in mind, uh, what Ive been doing is… slowly introducing her to pain. Yeah. But Im having a clown do it, so its fun. You know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so we are taking her in for her one year physical, which means, obviously, my wife and I had the big discussion and, uh, we have decided to let her live. And… And Im gonna drill that into her head. Im gonna tell her that repeatedly. Every day, Im gonna make sure she knows that because when shes like five years old and shes having a tantrum, I want her to be able to repeat that out loud in a public place so that she knows it, you know, and were at the airport and we gotta get on the flight and shes having a tantrum, like, Hey, hey! Hey! Stop it! Hey! What did Daddy tell you? What did Daddy tell you? Um… you let me live? Yeah, thats right. Exactly. Not like… Not like the others? Yeah! Exactly. Now, come on, we gotta get on the plane. Come on. Seriously. You wanna go meet your sister? Or brother, I dont know, we never found out. Lets go. Lets go, lets go, lets go! I truly believe that its… a kid is never too young to learn about abortion. I… no reason not to tell them. No reason. I do believe this, though, sincerely. Uh… I truly think that having a kid is one of the most narcissistic things a person can do. I believe that. I do believe that. And I dont think its a conscious decision that people have. I think its this subconscious thing thats in the back of everyones head, which is this idea of, You know, I like me. I think there should be more of me in the world. Look at that shitty lady with her shitty kids. I gotta balance this out. And I know theres a lot of different reasons people say they wanna have kids, you know, You know, I want unconditional love, and I want a buddy, and where Im from, in the South, I think people have kids for practical reasons. You know? They can sort of look ahead into the future and pragmatically, you know, realize… [inhales] Well… [sighs] this emphysema aint gonna cure itself. [inhales] My diabetes is getting pretty bad. Pretty soon, Im gonna out-fat this Rascal Im sitting on and… [inhales] Im gonna out-fat it, Im gonna have to get into the bed for the rest of my days and… [inhales] Hell, Im gonna need somebody to to go down to the liquor store and get my Pall Mall unfiltered, so I best get to fucking. You know. -[cheering] – Sure. Asheville, you must know what Im talking about. Surely you know what Im talking about. And, you know, I… I believe that, at least relatively, Im a good, decent person with good values and good morals, and my wife is as well, and I want to instill those, uh, lessons and values into my daughter and teach her what I think. But I also know that I am cynical, Im jaded, Im skeptical, uh, Im an atheist prone to bouts of depression, I have a jaundiced world view, you know? Because I use my eyeballs and my ears. And… You know, I just know what I know, -but I… -[applause] And I want… I want to tell these things to my daughter, but I cant just tell her all the things that I believe and I know, cause thats borderline child abuse. You cant say that to a little kid. Im not gonna be able to sit her down when shes like four years old and go, All right, honey. Come on, lets go get something to eat. And then well, uh, well go to the playground and well go on the swings, and you know what? Youre four years old, I think youre old enough to know this. Honey, you were born to a deeply and shamefully racist country, acquired through genocide and built by slave labor, its apocryphal history, a crumbling muddle of lies and deceits, and sweetheart, this profoundly shallow society you are now a part of is fueled by crass consumerism and narcissism and petty tribalism and it worships money and status and places the appearance of being right above basic human dignity. Peanut, your leaders are duplicitous hypocrites who cynically use religion and nationalism to easily manipulate ignorant and fearful… Here comes the airplane. And that shits not up for debate. You know, but I cant… I cant just tell her that stuff. But there are things I want her to know that I think are important for her to know, as she tries to navigate her way through this awful, awful world were giving her. And… and there are certain things I think would be helpful for her. So what I do is, at night, when shes sleeping, I… I quietly go into her bedroom, and I click on the little white noise machine that replicates the sound of the human heart, you know? And then I tell her these things, I whisper, I go… [clicks, imitates white noise] [imitates heartbeat] [whispering] Marlow… [imitates heartbeat] There is no God. [imitates heartbeat] Bernie would have won. [imitates heartbeat] [cheering] Sometimes, feminists can be their own worst enemies. You know, things that are important that will be helpful for her as she goes through this life. Especially if shes gonna be raised in part by my wife and I. My… My wife is a staunch, uh, very vocal feminist. [cheering] Meaning she wont shut the fuck up about it. And shes an amazing woman doing amazing work. And shes really incredible. And were different people, you know? Uh, basically. And we had very different upbringings, you know. She comes from a loving family. So, um… And, you know, I was… I had a pretty shitty childhood in Roswell, Georgia. And… And shes from Santa Monica, born and raised, Santa Monica, California. And I– which I cant stand. I dont like Santa Monica. I– I have a general dislike for LA. -[cheering] -But if I… If I had to laser focus on a place, its fucking Santa Monica that I hate. I can deal with the rest of LA, Santa Monica fucking bugs me and it drives me up a wall. Because its got all this faux-progressive bullshit. They act like theyre so progressive and liberal and advanced, and theyre not. Theyre not progressive. They act like theyre so diverse, theyre not diverse. Santa Monica? No. The most diversity youll see in Santa Monica is the lettuce selection at the Whole Foods salad bar. Thats it, you know? Its just varying degrees of pale to tan. Thats how diverse it gets over there. And then, mixed with that, is this weird aggro bullshit beach vibe that everybody, you know, Venice and Santa Monica has where its like, you know, youre walking to the coffee place and theres always some sunburned dude in a sarape and a three-legged pit-bull playing, you know, Coldplay on a ukulele, and… And you… you truly cant tell if hes homeless or a dot-com millionaire. You have no fucking clue. You dont know! You dont know. And youre walking by and the guys like, uh, you know, Hey, bro. Why dont you smile? Dont cost nothing. Like, fuck you. Fuck you and that dumb hippie bullshit. -[cheering] -Ugh! And thats like your experience 60 percent of your waking hours in Santa Monica and Venice. And… And I remember being a kid, you know, being a young boy in Roswell and going home from school, cutting through the woods to go to the apartment complex I lived in. And getting jumped and beat up by some kids, you know, yelling anti-Semitic shit. And… I remember laying on the ground, you know, getting beat up and thinking, Well… at least Im not in Santa Monica. So, you know, even as… Even as a child… One thing that my wife, for years, tried to get us to do, for years, was to go for a couples colonic. Yeah. And… I was pretty naive and ignorant as to exactly what took place during a couples colonic. But I knew enough to say, Fuck no. No thank you. That does not sound good at all. At all. And she just insisted, and it was a war of attrition, and after years she wore me down and I finally said, Yes, all right, fine, well go. And in her defense, she did… She was saying like, Oh, itll be fun. Itll be funny. Youll get a bit out of it. [laughs] And… but heres the thing, Asheville. She truly thought that at this couples colonic, she really believed this, that we were going to be in a room, uh, like on… together, on a bed, you know, holding each others hands, looking each other in the eyes, Honey, I love you so much! You know, like, she… Thats what she thought was gonna happen. And I want that image… Allow that image to occasionally pop into your head, as I tell you what happened, what I went through, the trauma and the pain that I went through during this colonic. ‘Cause I am going to tell you exactly what happened in great detail, in great detail. And I want that image to pop in your head occasionally. So… fucking relent, okay, were gonna go. And she makes an appointment for us, and its about six, seven blocks away from our apartment. Its a place called The Gentle Wellness Center. Gentle… gentle, gentle wellness. [gasps] Gentle wellness… [whispering] You go in, its very… its very soft and its respectful and theres like low lighting, like amber lighting and its very quiet. You know, and theres like an older hippie woman behind the desk and shes got really long hair, too long, the hair is too long. Its just… Its just… just cut that much off, please? No one… just… its making everyone nervous. No one needs hair this long. For safety sake, maam, please just cut this much… And… And then its, you know, a burbling brook and a bonsai tree and then a CD is playing softly in the background. You know, its nature sounds, just, you know, chimes. [imitates chimes ringing] And a wolf howl. [howls softly] And vaguely Native American sounds like… [nonsensical chanting] You know, but all at once, you know. And… I cant do it all at once. Im not Michael Winslow, but, you know, you get the idea. You get the idea. So thats playing. And then so we go and we get our forms and fill em out… whatever, and turn them in. And then after a minute or two, this tall, very severe-looking, kind of Germanic woman comes out, really stern. She comes out and she goes, Amber Tamblyn. And then next to her is a very short Vietnamese woman who says, David Cross. And so we walk up and we go our separate ways. My wife gets taken down the hallway this way, I get taken down there, and so Im like, Ha-ha! I knew it! I knew this wasnt a couples thing! I knew were werent gonna lay there! And, you know, like minor victory, tiny victory. And it turns out to be an extremely minor victory cause my laughter starts receding as Im like, I knew it. Wait, whats happening? Where am I going? Whats going to happen to me? Where am I? Whats this room? And… And I get taken by the Vietnamese lady to this small room, and she has me go in, and she, uh, has me change in the bathroom. So I change out of my clothes and basically, its a hospital gown you put on, you know, the thing, its open down the back. And I get out of the bathroom, and its a tiny room, it looks like a massage room, so theres basically just the table, next to the table is a stool. And at the foot of this– its not a table, its a bed. Like, you know, whatever. And… at the foot of the bed is this crystal-clear, pristine, spotless, acrylic, rectangular box. Right? Its like this deep, about that wide. Its against the wall. And on the back of it, its all one… like, one solid, white, soft white light. Its backlit by this white light. Right? Inside of the acrylic rectangle, also spotless, a continuous, unbroken, crystal-clear, glass tube. It goes like this. Oh, yes, indeed. Oh, yes, indeed. And then it ends in a little drain in the floor. Its beautiful. Beautiful. Looks like modern art. Looks exactly– it could be modern art. Some rich assholes… no pun, no pun. No pun. No pun. Emanating from the top of the rectangular box, sealed off, is a hose and this goes into the tube, is a rubber hose, comes out, coils around on the floor, ends on the bed. At the end of the tube is roughly about, um, seven, eight inch plastic phallus with a hole at the end. So I come out of the… come out of the room, she has me get on the bed, and shes on the stool, so her heads right here, and shes holding the phallus end of the hose. And I– you know, shes just holding it like this. And I– I dont– And shes not gesturing with it, shes just holding it, expectantly, you know, and Im like, I dont– I dont… Uh… No, thats not it. Thats not it. I know thats not it. I dont know what she wants me to do. She must think Ive done this before. Ive never done this before. Am I supposed to sign off on it? Just like, Oh, yeah, thats a… McJohnson 740. Thats the… thats the brand I use. Thats good. Clearly a reputable colonic house. Im glad my wife made the appointment here, you know. I dont know what shes doing, and her English isnt very good at all. And my Vietnamese is not that much better. And… And so finally, I figure it out. After a couple of seconds, like, Oh, I– shes– Shes giving this to me. Im like, Oh, you want… Oh, you want me to put it– And of course that makes sense. Like, Okay, yes, okay, I understand. So I take it from her, and she rolls me on my left side, and she lifts up my leg like this, and then she turns her back to me, which I take as my cue, um… And then I spend the next… couple minutes, uh, just… Hang on, hang on! [indistinct] Ow! And then finally, I get it in. After what feels like five minutes, I finally get it in there. And she– and also, uh, apologies to whoevers using this mic again. Uh, I dont know whos here tomorrow or… Is it Cosmic Charlie? [laughs] It is– Cosmic Charlies here next. Theyre a Grateful Dead cover band. I just love the idea of sound check– Actually, why would a Grateful Dead cover band ever need to sound check? Isnt the whole fucking show a sound check? [laughs] Bink, bink, bink-bink-bink! Dink, dink, dink! Bink, bink, dink, dink, dink! ? Honey in the haystack Feelin good, the sunshine– ? Anyway… uh… I do love the idea, though, that therell be a band, uh, doing sound check, you know, going, All right, guys. You ready? All right? All right. ‘Ali Baba, is that enough… Are– do you have– you have your shoes off enough? [laughs] You good? All right. Tater, you got your nose harmonica? All right. You ready to go? Okay. Ready? One, two, one, two, three– ? Hey, banker man Dont tell me when I can ? ? Withdraw my money ? Wait, hold up. Wait, stop, stop, stop. [sniffing] [sniffing] Was David Cross here? Because… -What was I talking about? -[woman] Colonic! Oh, yeah, yeah. So… yeah. So I got– oh, right. So I got it in there. Right? Okay. So I get, after a couple of minutes, you know, get it in, and I say to the woman, you know, I go, Okay, okay. I got it in. And she– she turns and looks at me and she goes… Like, really? [sighs] Okay, I got– I got it. Okay. And so I go to do it again, get it in there, uh, and I wont– Ill spare you that, I wont do that again. But it was– and she was right. She was right. I definitely… When I went to get it in there the second time, I clearly did not have it in there enough, satisfactorily, it would have made a terrible mess. It would have been awful. It was… So I spent another couple of minutes, and just, you know, like… [squeaking noise] You know, get it in there. Okay, yes, I got it. And, um, I tell her, Okay, we got it. And then she turns back to me and again… Really? I dont– Okay. And then she says, uh, Do you want I to do it…? And I was like, Oh, yeah. Sorry, I guess I dont know. And I did not get to the y sound of the word yeah before she had just dipped it in lube and shoved it in my ass! Oh, my God! Lady, what the fuck is– How can you do that?! Who does such a thing?! Youre awful! Gentle wellness, gentle! It says it on there, gentle! And I mean, shes fuck– she just… foom! And I just immediately start sweating and tearing up and shaking, Im shaking, and… and… and… -And ladies, I get it. -[woman] Yeah! I get it. I get it. And I apologize, I apologize, on behalf of myself and behalf of every man in this room, I… I apologize. Uh… I completely understand the urgency of the wrong hole! I get it. I get it. I get it, I will not be going near there without a consent form, signed in triplicate, notarized, therell be a countdown clock, I get it. I understand. I truly understand, I get it. Its jarring, its, uh… And so shes– its… So she rolls me back– on my back now. Im back on my back, and this thing is shoved way the fuck up me. And Im looking at it between… coming from my legs in my hospital gown and Im laying there just furious. A– just angry. Like, what the fuck? What is happening? And she starts to explain how the process is gonna work. Shes… she goes, I will turn the nozz… Shes gonna turn the nozzle, and then I will start to fill with water. And then when I feel pressure, I say release, and she releases and reverses the flow. Okay, okay. So thats how its gonna work. And… [fake Vietnamese accent] So she turn the nozz. [normal voice] And I slowly start to fill with warm water. Which is, no joke, truly a very pleasant experience. It was very nice. It really is. Its hard to put into words, but it was a comforting feeling. It feels good, and… And I like to be peed in, you know, thats my thing. Uh… I like to be peed in, um… [man] Whoo! I like to, you know, a guy to fuck me up the ass and then theres another guy whos semi-hard next to him, and hes gotta take a piss, and then this guy pulls out and then he goes in and he pees in me, and… Its called a San Francisco Gold Rush, and it is… Oh! An American classic. American classic. So anyway, so… Im starting to fill up with water. Im laying there, shes right here. Her head is right here, sitting on the stool. And the silence is just deafening. Its so awkward, its so weird, I dont– I feel very uncomfortable. Uh, and I want to say something. Im also feeling oddly guilty. Its just a strange thing. And Im trying to think of something to say. Anything thats conversational, cause this is gonna go on for 40 fucking minutes, so Im just… You know, Im just sitting there like… [sighs] When… How do you like Santa Monica? And I finally say something. Finally, I finally say something. And she starts to… very slowly, in broken English, answer. And as soon as she starts to answer, and I cannot underscore this enough, there was nothing gradual about it. It was zero to 60, it was instantaneous. Shes like, Well– Release! Release! Re– Screaming. Release! And the pressure was insane. It felt like I was going to rip apart and a fucking alien baby was in there waterboarding me, and Im screaming, screaming. And screaming, Release! And she undoes it, and Im screaming and Im sweating and crying. And shes doing this, and then she compliments me on my release, she did. I swear to God. She said, [fake accent] Very nice release, Mr. Cross. And it– and its all, you know, its coming out and going down the tubes, and its like youre giving birth. And she says, Do you wanna see? And Im like, Sure, okay. And she lifts my head on the pillow, and Im like looking at this like, Oh, my babies! My shit babies! Oh! Be free. Be free, my shit babies! You– you go to a better place and… And so that happens repeatedly for like the next 40 minutes. And then its over. She leaves. She says I can go change and go back out. And I go to the bathroom and I change into my clothes. And I walk out of the bathroom and… walk out of the room, and I walk down the hallway like this. And Im walking down the hallway like this because it feels like Im shitting. Not– not like, Oh, I think I need to shit, or, Oops, I may shit. No, thats a different sensation altogether. This feels like I am constantly shitting. Like if youve ever taken acid or mushrooms, and you go to take a piss, you know, and youre sitting there going, Am I done? Yeah. Oh, yeah, Im done. Oh, no, Im not! No, Im not. No, Im not. Wait. Wait! Yes, I am. Oh, no, Im not! No, Im not! No. Its that the entire time. And… And I walk down the hallway and I get to the waiting room, and my wife is there flipping through a magazine. And she pops up, and she says, and I quote, Do you wanna get sushi? No. No, I do not want to get sushi. I want to go home and take a rape shower. And speaking of taking a rape shower… I am starting to– starting to regret my vote for Trump. I… I know! You guys, I know! I was like you, Itll be fun! Itll be funny! Burn it down! Burn the Constitution down. Oh, yeah. Theres a, uh… Theres a Twitter thing, uh, Twitter site, whatever, uh, whatever you call it, Twitter feed. Right? Yeah, Twitter feed. I dont know. Im not– I dont know– Im not good at Twitter. Im not. And… I mean, I know… I know enough– I know how to write something that will ruin my career. That Ive got down. I know how to respond to people who say something negative about that post and make things even worse. I know– Ive got that part down. But I dont know the fun… I truly dont know how they do the fun, you know, the photo funnies bullshit. You know, where they take photos and they put the memes and stuff. I dont know how they– I dont know how thats done. Im sure Id like it more if I knew how to do that. You know, where theres like the picture of the ladies walking and guys going, Hello. And then, you know, the girls going, Hey! You know, and then they put the funny words on them. You know, its like… Im mustard. Im a hot dog. Im ketchup! You know, and like… Hilarious shit like that, Id love to contribute. But… But anyway, so theres this Twitter thing, uh, Twitter feed, that Im on thats called Trump Regrets or Trump Voter Regrets or something like that. And its a compendium of whenever somebody writes that in their tweet, it sends it to this thing. And, you know, its been going on, theyve compiled thousands and thousands of them. You know, theres– somebody posted a couple days ago. Dear President Trump, Im starting to regret my vote. What– Now? Now youre… starting to regret. Yeah, thats right! I mean, I was fine in the beginning. I– I can overlook and Im okay with the blatant racism and the crass sexism and the deranged narcissism and pandering to Nazis and supporting pedophiles and proudly bragging about being a sexual predator and paying your mistress to have an abortion and openly cheating your employees and mocking the disabled and praising murderous dictators and the constant pathological lying, the petty, vindictive cruelty, the staggering ineptitude, the unapologetic corruption, the nepotism, the Mob ties, the calculated mendacity, ignorance as to how American government works, encouraging violence against those that question your authority, the theft of our tax dollars to pay off your mountain of debt and/or go golfing. Did I mention the relentless lying? Youre a liar. Being a white nationalist, demonizing immigrants, the obvious disregard of the Bill of Rights, lying about whether Russia had hacked our election when you knew all along it had, then lying about lying about it, the collusion with our sworn enemy and the sworn enemy of democracy, your dereliction of duty, your treasonous activities, and I… -[cheering] -I was with you when you cheated… I was with you when you cheated on your wife with that porn star, the one you compared favorably to your daughter, you cheated on your wife, not the wife you raped, but the current wife who had just given birth to your son, and of course I was with you when we found out you cheated with the Playboy Playmate, the one you compared favorably to your daughter, not– not with the wife you have now, but the second wife whose kid you ignore, and of course I was with you, President Trump, when you– when you took the babies away, you took infants breastfeeding, literally breastfeeding, from their mothers and fathers, families who had made this arduous trek to come here and seek asylum. They just wanted to seek asylum. And you took them and you sent– deported the parents and you took them and separated them, sent the kids hundreds of miles away in a disused Walmart inside of a cage with armed guards pointing guns at them. And then of course, uh, and then, uh, thus ensuring the private prison contractors, CoreCivic and GEO Group, who donated heavily to you can get paid their collective four billion in profit as those toddlers sob and whimper in absolute terror traumatized for life, of course I was with you with that. But this last omnibus spending bill is where I draw the line! -Mm! Mm, mm, mm! -[cheering] Im sorry, President Trump. But Im a good Christian. Im a good Christian and I cant tolerate that last spending bill. I have to rewrite this thing almost daily. And I– thats why I cant memorize it. This… this is new, this is a couple of days old. CoreCivic and GEO Group, found that out three days ago. I, you know… And I wonder if there were any people in Germany in the early 40s who were like, You know, I am really starting to regret my vote for Hitler. I mean, I was with him in the beginning, you know. But come on. Six million Jews? One million I could see. Two million, okay. But sorry, six million, Im sorry, Mr. Hitler. But Im a good Christian, so… And Im not comparing Trump voters to Nazis. Okay? No, Im not. Im comparing Trump voters to the German people who voted for the Nazi Party. -Theres a difference. -[cheering] See if you can find it. I think about this world that were giving to my daughter, I think about it daily. I think about it hourly. Ive got a new kid. Theres a sense of urgency now, and as admittedly cool and interesting as its gonna be for her in the future when shes older, to be able to say, Well, you know, I lived in the prequel to The Handmaids Tale, I just dont think its a… a good trade-off. And, you know, I do a lot of press for these shows. And there seems to be a general misconception that people have, where people would be like, Boy, I know Trump sucks, but he must be the gift that keeps on giving for a comic, huh? Uh, no. Its quite the opposite. I mean, for a couple reasons. One is theres no reveal. You know? Theres no, like, he cant.. Theres no joke you can make, like, Well, look who turned out to be a real dick. You know? The guy– hes is who he is. He was always that person. Hes always an awful, reprehensible, shitty con man. You cant make fun of a… You cant do a Trump bit, in other words. Like, that… I had a bit when he said the shithole countries thing. It was pretty good. It made a point, it was like three minutes long. And then, you know, about 14 days later, people were like, What are you talking about? That happened six years ago, right? ‘Cause theres no permanence to it. There… You know, theres– Every awful, outrageous, egregious thing he says is supplanted within an hour by something more awful and outrageous and egregious. And making fun of Trump is like making fun of the way a kaleidoscope looks right now, you know? Its… pointless. Its… Theres no permanence to it. And… And I know theres a lot of speculation as to, you know, how will Trump leave office? You know? Will he serve out a full term? Or will he be forced to resign in shame? Or will he serve out two full terms? -Or… -[audience booing] Or three or four at the rate were going? Or will he be arrested and sent to federal prison -for treason? Or… -[cheering] Or will he die of a massive coronary on a golden toilet? -[cheering] -Or… Or will he be assassinated by a group of caring nuns? -Or… -[cheering] Or will he succumb to the polonium-laced tea? Or will he be ripped apart by four horses going in different directions in the town square, as long as were gonna keep going back to medieval days? Or will he be shot by a Nazi who travels through time to shoot Trump, going, Youre making us look bad. Or, um… or will that time-traveling Nazi be thwarted by time-traveling Richard Nixon who travels through time just past the Nazi so he can land there so when the Nazi shows up, he can shoot the Nazi and go, Please, please, for my sake, let him live. You know. Or… Or… will he die of third-degree burns and shrapnel when the polygraph machine explodes? Or will he die of a perforated colon when Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity and Piers Morgan and Devin Nunes and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and Paul Rand and all the Fox and Pals all try to mount him simultaneously? We dont know. We dont know. We just dont know. And… [sighs] Heres the thing. Heres the thing. Im… Im an atheist, so I dont… -[cheering] -All right. Whatevs. Um… So Im an atheist, so I dont believe in heaven or hell. Uh, not that you have to be an atheist not to believe in heaven or hell. But it helps. I think that should be the atheist slogan. Theres a little Jewish rabbi… You dont have to be an atheist not to believe in heaven or hell, but it helps! Itd be very confusing. Itd be very confusing. But yeah, so I dont believe in hell. So I dont think that Donald Trump is going to burn in hell for all eternity for the crimes hes visited to America and other people. And understand, Im not denigrating the idea of heaven or hell, its an awesome… Its a great concept. Its a wonderful concept. And I see its purpose, you know, it allows people to feel good about what is, you know, clearly, since time immemorial, the injustice that happens in this world where people treat other people, their fellow human beings, just awfully and you can say, Well, this guy… Yes, this guy enriched himself and his family directly through the pain and suffering and deaths of others and lived this life of luxury, but hell be punished in the afterlife, you know. And then the inverse is true, of course, This person who is selfless and lived this impoverished life where they were just trying desperately to campaign for clean water in their village and then they were arrested and tortured and raped and eventually killed by an assassins bullet from the United Fruit Company or Monsanto or Union Carbide or Exxon or whoever the fuck it is, you know, they lived that kind of life, but theyll be rewarded in heaven. And its a great concept. And I get why people, you know, hundreds and hundreds of years ago believed in it, before there was science and… and an understanding of how the Bible was actually written and came to be. And I get it. You know, those people were dumb. You know? I mean, dumber than we are now. And were dumb. We are dumb. Were dumb– were a dumb species. Were… were so dumb, mankind didnt even invent the sandwich until the 18th century. Thats how dumb we are as a species. I mean, literally thousands of years of people going… [grunting] Theres got to be a better way! You know… And… but anyway, yes. Im saying its a great idea, great concept. And I wish, you know, I just cant believe in it cause, you know, Im not a child. So… So because I dont believe in hell, and I also… I dont believe, and I hope Im wrong, but I dont believe hes gonna go to jail. I think hes guilty, hes monumentally guilty. But I dont think hes gonna go to jail because I think that is gonna be part of the grand bargain that America will make with him because well be so psychically scarred after however many years of Trump we have, that were just gonna go like, Just go away. We wont put you in jail, just go the fuck away. Just go away, leave us alone, dont tweet, dont talk, dont appear on TV, go away, get out of here, and we wont put you– In fact, we got you an island. We got you your own island. And its great. And everybody chipped in. Canada, Mexico, the EU, everybody chipped in. And its great, youre gonna love it, Donald. It is beautiful. You can do whatever you want there, have as much Diet Coke and McDonalds and fuck other mens wives as you want. Its gonna be great. And were gonna pay robots to tell you how awesome you are 24 hours a day. And everythings gold! Its all gold! Gold chairs and gold towels and golden showers. You are gonna love it. Its so up your alley. Just go, get the fuck away from us, take your shitty fucking criminal family with you, and get the fuck out and leave us alone. Let America become a decent place again. -[cheering] -So… So because I dont think hell be punished, because I think he will get away with it, all I have, really, is this fantasy that Im going to share with you, my Trump fantasy. And its actually viable. We could make it happen. We could make it work if we wanted to. And for the sake of the rest of this bit, just for the next few minutes, uh, Im going to assume, and Im probably wrong, but Im going to assume that everyone in this building wants to get rid of Donald Trump as soon as humanly possible. -[cheering] -So… So if thats the case, that means you have to vote for whoever the Democratic candidate is in 2020. A bitter pill to swallow, but you have to do it. Ive done it myself. And it sucks cause, you know, Democrats suck as well. They suck, but theyre not evil. Theyre not fucking evil. And… and so you have to do that. And also, please, dont pipe up in the middle and go, Um, actually, David, Im in the DSA and we are going to nominate a used copy of Manufacturing Consent to be president. ‘Cause we think thatd be a better candidate than two corporate shills… All right, yeah. Great. Im in the DSA as well, I share your philosophies, but lets be realistic and lets take those little fantasies, put em in a Ziploc bag, well put them in the freezer, well get em out after 2020 when America becomes a viable place to live again, if youre not white. So… all the Democrats get together and secretly pick a candidate for president of the United States whos truly a badass motherfucker. Like a true hard guy. A real… you know, somebody whos very vocally anti-Trump. You know, somebody– and again, an honest, son of a bitch, tough motherfucker. And Im suggesting Ron Perlman. All right? So… so Ron Perlman is the candidate for president of the United States. And he– you know, cause we all learned in school, through movies and TV shows and books, how to deal with a bully. We understand how to deal with a bully. And thats what Trump is. So we get this fucking badass motherfucker, tough guy, Ron Perlman. He runs for president, and then his vice presidential pick is the person we really want to be president, you know. Whoever that is, whether thats, you know, Warren or Sanders, Harris or Booker, whoever the fuck it is, so… But for these purposes, the Democratic candidate is Ron Perlman. And then, because weve decided all this in advance, theres no campaigning, theres no canvassing, theres no focus group, theres no polling, theres no ad buy-outs, theres not even a convention. And then we take the literally tens of billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars wed save doing that and we actually pay teachers a decent wage and we feed kids who are hungry and we help with the homeless, we help our veterans, and we take all the money that the Republicans took away and gave to themselves, and then we put it back and actually do some good with it, some social work, some socialistic work you might call it, and… And then we just wait for the debates. ‘Cause thats what its really about. Were just waiting for the debates. And then finally the big day comes! The big day comes, its the debate, Live from the YMCA in Chinatown in Youngstown, Ohio, its the whatever it is debates for the presidency! Sponsored by the Daughters of the Confederacy and My Pillow. Now, please welcome to the stage, President of the United States Donald Trump! [humming tune] Yes, Im Donald Trump. Im the greatest president that ever lived. I accomplished more in my first nine days than all my predecessors combined. I invented water and I can bend space and time. All right. Sounds good. And now heres the Democratic candidate for president, Ron Perlman! And Ron could wear his Hellboyoutfit if he wants. Its fine. He can wear his Sons of Anarchy, doesnt matter, whatever he wants. Hellboy, Sons…dress up whatever the fuck he wants. And theyre like, All right, Mr. Perlman, you have five minutes to respond. Hes like, Oh, I dont need five minutes. And he goes over there and he just fucking pops… He punches Trump, but… but he doesnt punch him this way. He punches him kind of down, so Trump just immediately crumples to the ground, and hes pounding him, pound, pound, pound, pound pounding him, pounding him! And I dont know if youve seen Ron Perlmans fists, theyre fucking huge, his hands are huge. One of his hands is like as big as nine of my asses… Pound! Pound! Pound! And then Secret Service is like, Holy shit! You know, and they come running up. But Ron Perlman has anticipated all this. So hes pre-greased himself, so hes slipping away. [grunts] Hes got steel-tipped boots on. Boom! Right in the teeth! Boom! And then they separate them, Mr. Perlman! How… stop that! Stop it! Go over there. And Trumps laying on the ground moaning. Hes clearly shit himself. But the debates have to continue for democracys sake. This is America, the great experiment. So Trumps team gets over, they lift him up, they take him back to the wings, they give him a quick wipe, a quick bump, get him back out there… Hes… [grunts] I dont know what… That didnt hurt. Ahem. Didnt hurt at all, Rotten Ronnie and his small hands, he has small hands, so it didnt… didnt really hurt. My hands are bigger than his hands. Hes got little Rubio hands. You know. And then, All right, Mr. Perlman. You have five minutes to respond. And no monkey business. Okay? No monkey business. Yes, I get it. But again, Ron Perlman has anticipated all this stuff so hes built thrusters into his shoes. So he like launches and he grabs Trump and he slams him! Slams him on the ground! Boom, boom! Hes fucking pounding away! And theres no give, theres nowhere for the back of his head to go! And his fist is going through him, its like that scene in Irreversible. Hes just fucking pounding him! And… and Trump is just made of rotten, congealed, racist flesh. So bits of esophagus and bloody cheek are coming up. And then Secret Service is like, Holy shit! And they get him and they take him out like, Stop it, Mr. Perlman! You– thats enough! That is enough. Go to the green room. Youve upset a handful of people. Now, stop it! And Trumps lying there, moaning, a bloody pulp, bloody mess, just moaning. And… barely conscious. But… because its my fantasy… Im there. So I run up. Please, Im a trained medic! Im a trained EMT! Unloosen his tie, loosen his collar! I know how to resuscitate him! I know how to resuscitate him! This… Da,this is good, huh, comrade? Da,you like this, comrade! You… you like this, comrade, wake up, wake up! Usually that works, okay. Maam Im gonna need you to come over here and apply pressure to his sternum. One, two, three. Sir, get up here, unloosen his collar, pull his tongue back, clear a passageway. Clear a passageway! [farting sound] Clear it, goddamn it! [farting sound] I know what Im doing! I had lamb vindaloo last night! [farting sound] Open up his fucking eyes! [farting sound] Nice release, Mr. Cross. Thank you very much. [farting sound] [cheering, applause] Now, folks… I know… that that bit… isnt particularly clever. Its not erudite. In fact, its crass, and its disrespectful. [cheering] But… it makes me feel really good. And thats all I got in this shithole country. Thank you, Asheville! Thank you guys so much! Thank you for being a part of this. Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys, so much. Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys. I did not say sit down. So, obviously, I was making all that stuff up about having a kid. I dont have a kid. I dont have a kid. No– guys, no. I do not have a kid. No. No, thank you. Before I go, I want to leave you with this one last story. And its a story, all true, about a… what I think is a rare opportunity that one could have to find out who they are. You know, what theyre made of. And this is a story about my opportunity… to know what stuff Im made of. You know what I mean? Like, you know when you read or see a news story about an act of bravery or heroism where somebody had to make an instantaneous decision, they ran into a burning building or a baby was dangling, they leapt across a balcony and they, you know, saved this baby or the guys, the 9/11 guys who stormed the cockpit, you know, in Pennsylvania in that plane, or the three guys on the train in Paris, the one they made a movie out of them, stormed the terrorists. We read stories, we see those stories, and we think, What would I have done in that situation? And literally every single person in this room has thought that before. What would I have done in that situation? And we like to think we know. But do we really know? And so this is a story about when I was faced with immediate impending danger, and Im not talking about the kind of slow-motion thing, where, you know, youve got time to think it out, where youre on the subway and theres… Boy, this guys acting really crazy. And he seems nuts and maybe violent. Theres some kids and an elderly couple and a pregnant lady. Shit, what am I gonna do? All right, if he starts popping off, okay, um, all right, what I gonna– Oh, I know what Ill do. Ill jump up and Ill grab the pole and Ill pull myself up and Ill come down with the heel of my boot onto his head, and then Ill come down and Ill get him with the fucking elbow right to his eyeball socket and then Ill go down and Ill shove my palm into his nose and his nose will splinter into his brain. You know, Im not talking about that, you know, Bas Rutten self-defense type of shit. Um… Im talking like this. So this is a story about that. So roughly four years ago, my wife and I were upstate in New York, we have a house in upstate New York. In the woods, tiny town, middle of nowhere. Theres no one around. There is nobody. And… my wife had taken a shower. And we have a steam shower, so she had opened up the windows to the bathroom, and its a big glass door. So she had opened that to let the steam out and closed, we have like a barn door, sliding barn door, closed the door, and went downstairs. And 20 minutes later, Okay, Im gonna take a shower. And I go upstairs to take a shower. Its dark out, just one… one light behind me. I go to take a shower. And Im naked, which is how I like to shower now. And… I go… -[cheering] -Uh… And I open the door, its a small bathroom, open the door to go take a shower, and theres a guy coming at me. And when I tell you all the things Im about to tell you, when I tell you all the things Im about to express, these things that go through your head, theres no time, all these things went through my– But it was like that, instantaneous, how I had to react in this. And were– Its just on the second floor, immediate like, who is this guy, how did he get there, did he climb up, did he come through the window, was he waiting, hes been waiting there for like 20 minutes? ‘Cause its been 20 minutes. When did he fucking get there, who is this guy? And hes coming– he is coming at me double time. This guys coming at me like this with purpose. Looking me right in the fucking eyes. And hes coming at me, and hes naked. Hes naked and hes… And Im like, Whos this fucking crazy naked motherfucker in the upstate naked bathroom killer guy? What the fuck is going on? And Im the line of defense between… its me and my wife whos downstairs, you know, in front of the fire with our shitty dog. And then– and Im… and Im it. Im it. And this fucking crazy motherfuckers coming at me, and I do not have time to process that its my own reflection coming at me. And… And this is how I reacted to imminent danger, all right? As the protector of my wife and myself. This is what I said. This is who I am. I went, Oh, come on. Oh, come on? I dont even know what the fuck that means! I dont know what Im thinking! I dont know what is– What does that mean? Thats who I am? Thats what Im made of. I dont know, am I trying to appeal to his sense of creativity or pride? Like, I dont know what that means! Like, you know, Oh, come on. Are you really gonna– Oh, youre stabbing me. Oh, thats great. Well, thats been done a million times. Kind of hacky! No, thats not a pun. I wouldnt do that. All right. Well, dont worry about the dog. The dog wont give you any trouble. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. Oh, thank God Im not a father. Id be the most useless father. Oh, God, Im… Im bleeding out. This is it. This… this is it. Well… at least Im not in Santa Monica. All right, Asheville. All right! You guys… thank you, guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. -Thank you, guys. -[music plays] Again, great town. Great club. Orange Peel, thank you to the Orange Peel. Thank all of yall. You guys are awesome. Thank you. ? At the bottom of a swamp ? ? There was no air But to be clear ? ? Darkness was all you wanted ? ? To see the rot in no disguise ? ? Oh, what a time to be alive ? ? The scum, the shame The fucking lies ? ? Oh, what a time to be alive ? ? Oh, what a time to be alive ? ? Oh, what a time ? ? To be alive ? [announcer] Yes, indeed, what a time to be alive, ladies and gentlemen, shes and hes, theys and zs, are you ready to have your funny bones shattered? Are you ready prepared to have your tickle skeletons crushed? I cant hear you! Seriously, Im in a recording booth in LA, so Im gonna assume that you said, Hell, yeah! Well, then please welcome to the stage, Americas littlest sweetheart, give it up for David Cross! [cheering] [Cross] Asheville! Late show, Asheville! All right! How are you?

WHITNEY CUMMINGS@CAN I TOUCH IT?@2019@Ladies and gentlemen… Whitney Cummings! This is awesome. I am shooting my fourth stand-up special this evening in my hometown, Washington DC. Thank you. Thank you so much. A lots happened since I made a stand-up special. A lots gone on in the past year. I dont know if you noticed, but people started caring about sexual harassment all of a sudden. That came out of fucking nowhere. I feel like the sexual harassment news has finally been going on long enough to where my guy friends feel comfortable complaining about how hard its been for them. Anyone have any guy friends who are acting like they have no idea how to behave at the office? All of a sudden, my guy friends say, What, so I cant even hug a woman at work anymore? You never could. Its why were in this mess. No one wants to bump nipples with you at 9 a.m… by the Keurig machine. Its weird. But as I say that, I want you guys to know, I get it. Of course you want to touch women. Theyre so freaking cute. Theyre impossible to resist. I relate to your frustration, because sometimes I will see a service dog at the airport. And its wearing a little vest. It says, Dog working, do not pet. Now Im in a pickle. Because Im going to pet that fucking dog. This is going down the easy way or the hard way. I mean, its a dog. It obviously wants it. I get your logic. And it is asking for it with that adorable little butt. I can see its butthole. If thats not asking for it, I dont know what is. But I dont. I never pet a service dog. Its that vest. Youre like, Oh, God, that dogs in the middle of something. You respect that vest. I think thats what we need to start doing at work. Women need to start wearing little vests to work. Lady working. Do not hug. Shit to do. I feel like we were all getting a little sloppy at the office. I used to work with this guy. Every day, hed run past me, hed put his hands in between my butt cheeks, like this, and hed yell to the whole office. Hed go, Im swiping a credit card, Im swiping a credit card. I thought it was hilarious. Id be like, Youre declined. Youre declined. Your card did not go through. No, it didnt. Thats on me. That is on me. Um, thats my bad. Im not proud of that. But now credit card machines, they have a chip reader now. So youd have to do that, and that is not okay. That is wrong. Thats wrong. I have a couple of guy friends who are trying so hard to not be creepy at work that theyre doing way creepier shit by accident. One of my guy friends tried to compliment a woman he works with and he called her wife material. He got in trouble and had no idea why. He said, What do you mean? Thats not even sexual. Calling a woman wife material, thats like saying, I could fuck you forever. So Im going to make you sign a contract, so that, if you want to get away from me, you have to hire a lawyer. Just think it through. Think it through. People really want to challenge me about all these women coming forward. Someone came up to me and was like, Well, how do these women even remember what happened? Like, Oh, because were known for our amazing ability to forget shit. Uh, were known for just letting things go after a while. Its our thing. Maybe some people dont understand that when you get harassed at a young age, you might not even put together that thats whats occurring until later in life when youre an adult. That was one of my experiences. When I was 19 years old, I got a job as an extra in a television show. The first day I was there, the director, who was at least 65 years old, invited me into his trailer for lunch. So I go into his trailer. And I know what youre thinking. Why did you go into his trailer? Because I was an idiot. I was 19 years old. No one had told me trailers were bad. There was a lot of shit I didnt know. I also thought clear bra straps were clear. Um… I also thought that lady living with my aunt was her roommate. I also thought guys could be allergic to latex. There was a lot of shit… …I hadnt figured out yet. Dont blame me. So of course I go into his trailer. Out of nowhere, he just lunges at me. I didnt understand what was happening because he was so much older than me. I thought he fell. I was like, Are you okay? Oh, my God. Are you passing away? Whats happening? No idea what to do with that story. I dont remember the guys name, but the good news is I did accidentally stumble upon a great way to deal with harassment at work from a creepy guy. Just pretend you think hes having a medical emergency. Next time a guys like, Hey, sweetie, want to get a drink later? just go, Oh, my God, someone call an ambulance! Gary thinks hes in my league! I dont know if its, like, dementia or maybe its a stroke. Gary thinks I would fuck him. Weve got to call an ambulance! This is bad. Dont get angry. Just get very compassionate. Thats my new approach. I dont even get angry at cat-callers anymore. My new thing with cat-callers is just do what they ask. Because then theyll realize its not at all what they want. Next time a guys like, Hey, baby, smile, just be like… People really want to argue with me about this stuff. I had a guy come at me and he was like, You know, what if women start taking advantage? We got it. Well handle it when that happens. I love that you guys think that we have no idea that some women are batshit crazy. We know. Okay? We know way more shit than you know. We see the text messages she didnt send to you. We know. We see the ones that are too crazy to even get to your phone… because were the ones that put a stop to that shit. Were the ones like, No, youre not going to kidnap his mom. Delete it, delete it. Give me the phone. Give it to me. Put the phone down. Thats too many bubbles. He hasnt responded in five days. Give me the phone. Youre not sending that. Youre not going to send an Adele song with six eggplant emojis. Give it to me. Log out now. We know. You guys just dont know that we know because were in this climate where everyones walking on eggshells and no ones allowed to say anything negative about a woman or people freak out. Thats not healthy. We have to get back to a place where we can call out women if theyre acting like silly gooses. And there are some silly gooses out there. Does anyone have any girl friends that think theyre feminists, but theyre actually just assholes? Someones got to say it. But I also think we have to be patient with women right now. Youve got to understand, this came out of nowhere. For thousands of years, nobody cared about our feelings, nobody cared about our opinions. Then a year ago, everyone was like, What do you think? It was like… What the fuck? Im sorry, can you just give us one second? We were not at all prepared for that question. Its just no one has ever asked us that before. Can you just give us a minute? We were just taking a selfie with dog ears. Just give us one second. Were going to regroup and come right back to you with an answer. Bitches, huddle up right now. Um, they give a shit about us all of a sudden and we have absolutely no practice being listened to, so we need to level the fuck up right now. Some things need to change around here. First of all, the ‘ros all day shirts have to go. Just for a couple of years till we get out of the woods on this. ‘Namastay in bed, ‘ its not a sophisticated argument. No more sassy shirts for a while. You stop saying, ‘totes. Youre 40. Um… We might have to stop calling each other hookers and whores for a while. – Does anyone have that girl friend? – Hey, hooker. I actually think we need to steal from what guys do with their nicknames, because guys build each other up with their nicknames, right? What up, champ? What up, chief? What up, boss? Guys give each other promotions in their nicknames. I make television shows. I have an intern. Hes 20 years old. People walk in, theyre like, What up, boss? Im like, What? No, Im your boss. Im your boss. Thats nobodys boss. Thats my friends nephew who was too stupid to get a job, so I had to give him an internship… because he got a two on his SATs… …so thats nobodys boss. Okay? Best case scenario, he will be a hooker. So lets just get this… Im your boss. I dont like any nicknames my girl friends give me. Theyll be like, Hey, honey. Hey, cupcake. Im like, What are you doing? You dont like it when guys call you that. Lets just all stop calling women desserts for a while. If you must call a woman a dessert, at least pick a cool dessert, you know. Like bear claw. What up, bear claw? Thats fine. Mousse. Mousse! Alright, get back in the huddle. Theres more shit to do. Okay, I think, for a while, we need to stop yelling at guys when they drive by in a sports car. Does anyone have that girl friend? When a guy drives by in a sports car, they go, Sorry about your dick. How is that helping? Youre making us look like hypocrites, right? Because, if the roles were reversed in that scenario, it would be so messed up, right? If a woman drove by in a sports car and a guy was like, Sorry about your giant pussy! Not a good look. What else? Weve got to watch what we prioritize on social media. Weve got to watch the causes we prioritize on social media. Free The Nipple? Not this month. Next month. Unless youre breastfeeding, in which case you can do whatever the hell you want with your nipple as far as I am concerned. If your nipple has proven to be of use to society, you may free it. But I think we can all agree, a breastfeeding nipple is not free. That nipple is working. We need to get it a little vest. Like a little, tiny… Like a… Like a baby vest. I think the biggest thing I want to work on with my girl friends is telling the difference between empowerment and entitlement. Its a fine line. Very easy to confuse those two. Like I have this one girl friend, she thinks shes very empowered, but shes actually just entitled and it comes out in the way that she complains that no man is good enough for her, even though all she does is talk about astrology and go to music festivals. She has no concept of what she deserves. Like, she will go to a music festival for five days and do drugs the entire time, and then shell come back and shell be like, I told you, theres just no good men out there. No, there are good men out there. Theyre just at home with their good women. Youre never going to meet them, because theyre not at Burning Man watching you puke on your slutty Native American Indian costume. We get in fights because she generalizes a lot about, like, all men and all women. I know its weird that Im criticizing that, because generalizing about men and women did pay for my house, but… Im evolving and I now find that really frustrating to engage with. I had a guy come at me on social media. He said, Well, all women are just liars. All women? Okay, lets say some of these women are liars. Just for a thought experiment. You have to admit the reaction of men lying and women lying in our culture is very different. Youve seen the movie Catch Me If You Can. Great movie. Its about a con artist. He pretends to be a doctor, pretends to be a pilot. So if youre a woman and you lie, youre a monster. If youre a man and you lie, you get a movie made about you starring Leonardo DiCaprio. What do we get? We got fucking I, Tonya. Thats what we got. You have to be in a leotard for anyone to give a shit. I also did research on the guy that movie is based on. He now works at the FBI. They pay him millions of dollars to consult on other con artists. So if youre a man and you lie, thats like a hireable skill. People dont like when women lie. They get very uncomfortable when women lie. Thats my theory about why theres no female magicians. Never thought about that shit before? Because when men lie, were like, Whoa, magic! If there was a female magician, after every trick, everyone in the audience would be like, I fucking knew it. What did I tell you? I told you, you cannot trust these bitches. Sneaky bitches. The other generalization I keep hearing is, Well, all these women are just gold-diggers. Like, okay, fine. Lets say… Lets say some of these women are gold-diggers. You guys have to admit that you guys were afraid of gold-diggers way before this even happened. Its hard for us to hear you guys complain about gold-diggers. Because when you guys complain about gold-diggers to us, it kind of just sounds like youre bragging. Were like, Alright, well, a lot of the reason you have all that gold is because you have the advantage of being a guy. Especially in the goods and services industry, a lot of the reason you have that money is because we buy a bunch of shit we dont fucking need. So if Im dating the head of Sephora and I gold-dig him, Im not using him for his money. Im using him for my money. That is my money. Im just trying to get that shit back. Um… I feel like you gold-digged me first. Bronzer should not be $90. When guys complain about gold-diggers, its tricky, because, to us, the solution is so obvious. If youre worried about gold-diggers, I have an idea. How about just date women with their own fucking gold? I dont know, maybe stop dating 18-year-olds that need a Kickstarter campaign just to eat dinner. Maybe just date adults with jobs. I dont know. I dont know. No, no, no. Also, its very ironic to me when guys complain about gold-diggers, because you know you were the original gold-diggers, right? You know your great-great-grandfathers got a bunch of shovels and started digging up actual gold… before women were allowed to leave the house. I would love to dig for gold the old-fashioned way and get, like, a pickax and, like, a salad strainer and go get my own gold, but you guys took it all and you refused to share, so… now were going to have to do this the hard way… and be in a bad relationship for two years and hope that you cheat on me. And I feel like I can say that, because I have had a guy use me for my gold before and Ive noticed, when you hear the word gold-digger, you think of a woman right away. Men use women for their money, too. Theyre not called gold-diggers. Theyre called, like, backup dancers. They have, like, a… They have, like, a jaunty name. Its hard to talk about this stuff without sounding self-righteous. Thats my nightmare. Im trying to not sound self-righteous about all this, because its my pet peeve when people are self-righteous in conversations. And I try to remember though that when someones self-righteous, it usually just means they care so much about something that they become an asshole. Right? I do it. Im guilty. I am guilty. I am very into animal advocacy. And… Oh, thank you. Oh, thats very nice. I dont have kids. What else am I going to do? There are times when I am so passionate about protecting an innocent animal that I will be a jerk to a human. It happens… kind of a lot. And… recently, I saw a stray dog at this huge intersection in Los Angeles and nobody was stopping. Nobody was stopping, so I pull over and I can see – that its a little, tiny puppy. – Aww! I know! And I could tell it was in really bad shape, okay? So I get out of my car and this guy yells at me. Hes like, You dumb bitch! and I was like, Fuck you! So Im screaming at all these people. I finally get, like, 12 lanes to stop and I get closer to this puppy and I get closer and closer to this little, tiny puppy and I see that this little, tiny puppy is a trash bag. But I had already been such an asshole… that there was really no turning back at this point, so I just had to… Just had to lean in. And thats how I got tetanus. I am realizing that the guy friends of mine that are the most self-righteous I actually think might be the ones that have done nothing wrong. They assume these women must be exaggerating, because they themselves would never behave the way theyre seeing in the news stories. Like you would never pull your dick out at work, sir. Of course not. Of course not. It would be ridiculous. Woo! It would be crazy for you to do that. That would be an insane thing to do. But… you have that one friend you can totally see doing that shit. Whats his name? – Jeffrey. – Jeffrey. Anyone that goes by Jeffrey instead of Jeff is a fucking asshole. He likes to waste peoples time with his full name. Jeffrey. Thats who were talking about, right? I try to remind my guy friends, were not attacking you. Were just… You have to remember that the world is a little more dangerous for us because of the Jeffreys of the world. Like, you know we have to take a class to learn how to go outside, right? Has anyone ever taken a self-defense class before? Okay. Yeah. Thats a lot. Wow, okay. Like, 25 women. The rest are dead. Okay. I took a self-defense class in my 20s and I think we could maybe update the tactics a little bit. I remember, the tactics she told me, I physically cant even execute. She was like, If your attacker gets you on the ground, gouge his eyes out. What the fuck? I cant even open a package from Amazon… without getting a paper cut. I can hardly get a straw in a Capri Sun, so… Im not sure this tactic is for me. None of it was pragmatic. She said to us, Never get in an elevator with a man. Bitch, have you ever had a job? Have you ever seen an office building before? Its basically a bunch of elevators full of men. If I didnt get in an elevator every time a man was in it, Id constantly look like I was trying to get into a double Dutch game. Its fine. Just go. You go. Okay, Ill just quit. No. We have to be able to get into elevators with men. We have jobs now. But I know thats a very sketchy thing to do and I know it could be dangerous, so now, when I get in an elevator with a man, I just try to make myself as unattractive as possible. So I just hit all the buttons… so that were instantly in a long-term relationship and hes completely disgusted by me. Im like, You want me, youve got me… for 36 more floors and I want to talk about The Bachelor. – Huh. – Woo! I used to carry Mace. I dont carry Mace anymore, because I find the packaging way too patronizing. When you try to buy Mace as a woman, they sell you Mace in a pink bottle. Im trying to look scary. Im trying to look menacing. Dont give me something that looks like a toy out of Dora the Explorers backpack. Mm, Swiper, no swiping. Mm, dont even think about it. Meh! Not really the vibe Im going for. A lot of my girl friends talk about how, when they walk to their car, they put a key in between their fingers. Yeah, but they dont even make metal car keys anymore. The new car keys are those little plastic remotes, so thats a conspiracy. Think about that shit for a minute. The one weapon we have has been taken from us. So now Ive got to use my mailbox key… like an asshole. A little shitty Wolverine. Could you come forward a fucking inch? A little shitty Wolverine. Im just kind of tickling my attacker at this point. Just kind of delicately caressing him. Its kind of bringing him to climax at this point. You look like a villain in an 80s movie, just FYI. Its no joke out there. Its no… I have a girl friend, she carries a Taser with her. But Google, Taser for women. Its even more insulting. They try to sell you a Taser that looks like a tube of lipstick. Its disguised as a tube of lipstick. Youre supposed to fool your attacker. The only person thats going to fool is fucking me. Im not falling for that racket. I argue, the best weapon against an attacker, not lipstick Taser, not Taser, just regular lipstick. Red lipstick. Put it in your back pocket. Any time a guys hovering, creeping around, just take it out and start putting it on. Just be like… Is that what you want? Ah-ahh! You wanna fuck this clown? Sometimes youve just got to out-weird your attacker. Youve just got to make it not worth it to them. You know, hes going to be like, Uh… Youre good. Youre good. You run along. You have a good night. Leave it. Shes one of us. Leave it. I think you guys just might not know how dangerous the world is for us. You guys just dont have the same experience out in the world. Your biggest fear when you walk to your car tonight, sir, is theres going to be a ticket. Thats scary shit. Our biggest fear when we walk to our car is theres going to be a dick… attached to a criminal… named Jeffrey… …waiting for us. You guys are cool, youre not getting defensive. Sometimes guys get defensive and thats never good. I had a guy come up to me after a show recently and he was like, Hey, this isnt really very fair. We offer to walk you gals to your cars all the time. I was like, Yeah, you do. Why? So you can try and fuck us. Thats why. Those are our options. Get murdered by a stranger or dry humped by my chaperone… against my car that I pay for. Cool. Not really chivalry if we owe you at the end. Its hard to talk about this stuff without coming off too angry. I dont want to come off angry or anti-man. I am not. Im engaged to a man. Im going to marry a man. I mean… well see. I love him very much, but when we talk about this stuff, sometimes the conversations get awkward because he hasnt had a lot of trauma in his life. We have a very different definition of the concept of trauma and sometimes it makes our conversations weird. One time, we were talking about bad things that had happened to us in our childhoods and Im going on and on and on… He cuts me off. He goes, You know, something really messed up happened to me when I was five. And I was like, Oh, my God, baby, what happened? He goes, When I was five, I woke up on Christmas Eve and I saw my dad wrapping gifts. And I was like, And then he fucked you? He was like, Thats when I found out theres no Santa Claus. I was like, Oh, okay. Oh. Thats your definition of struggle? You thought one guy was giving you presents and then you found out another guy was giving you the exact same presents. You realize girls are thrilled when we find out theres no Santa Claus? Were like, Thank God I dont have to sit on that weirdos lap at the mall. I always thought that was sketchy. Hes not afraid of anything. Its unbelievable. Nothing scares this guy. One time, we were walking down my street at night. Theres a man Ive never seen before standing at the window of a house staring out at the street like this. So Im like, Lets call the police. Lets go. He goes, Babe, calm down. He probably just sold the house and hes waiting for the realtor to bring him his check. Im sorry. Th-th-thats what you see? Thats what you make of this scenario? Okay. So I see Dexter and you see a millionaire having a great day. It must be nice to just go through life like that. Hes like, Yeah. The guy just sold his house, sounds awesome. Its hard to talk to my girl friends about this stuff as well, because theyre just so excited. I think women are getting so excited right now. I think we just have to manage our expectations, because we have to remember, any time there was real progress for women in history, there was some kind of technological advance that took over the chores that women did in the home so women could move outside the home. Dishwashers, vacuum cleaners. For this truly to be a moment of progress for women, thered have to be some kind of technological advance that took over the chores women are currently doing in the home, which brings me to the sex robots. Whos excited? I cannot fucking wait. Im a very busy person. I would love for the day to come where I could be like, Babe, Im very tired. Please go fuck R2-D2. Ive got to… Mamas got to bang out some emails. Im so pro-robot, its ridiculous. People are very stressed out about the sex robots. I have yet to hear an argument against them that I buy. Everyones like, Arent you worried theyre going to replace human women? Get the fuck out of here. One of my girl friends was like, Arent you worried theyre going to replace us? If youre worried about being replaced by a giant piece of plastic, youre not bringing that much to the table in the first place, so… I need you to watch a TED Talk. Anyway… Also, theyre not going to replace human women. Thats an insulting argument to women. If anything, they will replace blow-up dolls, which, by the way, I love that that was a product. Guys were fucking rafts with eyelashes and that wasnt freaking anybody out? – This is where we draw the line? – Got it, got it, got it. Its so weird to me that everyones so fascinated about how bad the sex robots will be for women, because you know theyre making male sex robots too, right? Why arent you guys sweating? If we get replaced by the female sex robots, itll be a bummer, but, like… well be fine. What the fuck are you guys going to do? If you get replaced by the male sex robots, whos going to force you to go to the doctor? Youll all die of sinus infections. You dont even know where the fricking forks are. Youll die. I know there are some problems. I know they need to make some tweaks to the robots. I understand, because Ive seen them in person. First of all, theyre gorgeous. This is a bad idea. Im a very jealous person. I do not want a Scarlett Johansson-ass looking robot in my house. Ill tell you this right now, if they make the robots gorgeous, there will be a war… between human women and robot women and, I swear to God, we will freaking win. I put Barbie dolls in the microwave till I was 15 years old. I live to destroy a doll. I dont care about gadgets. I dont respect technology. Ill kick Alexa in the pussy. I dont give a shit. A robot tries to take my man, were going to have a problem and Ill be a savage about it, too. Ill wait. Ill wait, Ill wait till you fall in love with her. Then Ill kill her. Ill just push her in the pool. I dont give a shit. To me, the solution for the robot anxiety is so obvious. They just have to involve women in the designing of the robots. Thats it. For us to embrace the sex robots, they just have to benefit us in some way. Like if a robot is going to have sex with my man, it also just has to be able to, like, make guacamole. Take an avocado, you just put it in her mouth. Shes just like… I dont know, Im not a scientist. Im just saying… if theres a guacamole mode, were going to get through this. I am so confident in my stance on this, I not only argue that sex robots are not going to replace human women, I actually think theyre going to make you guys appreciate us even more. Heres why. Ive seen them, they have hair. What the fuck do you guys know about doing hair? Nothing. Youre going to get your robot. Day one, its going to look like Angelina Jolie. Two weeks later, its going to look like Chucky. Then what? Then whats your big plan, huh? And youre going to call this guy. Baby, will you come do my robots hair? Now I have to come brush its weird-ass hair. Then Im going to get emotionally attached to it because Im taking care of it. Then Im not going to let you have sex with it anymore. Now I just have a giant guacamole machine. Just another appliance I have to clean. I know exactly how this is going to end. Its interesting that even the arguments I can see myself being the first to make against the robots, I dont buy. The big one I keep hearing is, Arent you worried the sex robots are going to make men objectify women? No. Thats been happening for thousands of years. I think, if anything, we can use the sex robots to combat the objectification of women. What if we use the sex robots to help teach young boys consent? Think about it. When you learn CPR, you practice on a doll first. Anyone else think its kind of weird we give teenage boys human girls… to practice sex on? I feel like what we could start doing is, when a kid turns 15, we give him his own sex robot. He can do whatever he wants with it. Four years later, he has to turn it back in to a committee, who will evaluate the condition of the doll. If its butthole is at all stretched out… you go back to the beginning. I was a little worried at first that being pro-sex robot might be an irresponsible take. What if Im condoning something weird? What kind of people buy these things? Are they psychos, perverts? So I did want to do my research. So what I did was I logged onto a forum, secretly, of the men that own the most current version of the sex robots and I monitored their conversations for two months. Thats the kind of time I have. And, look, I thought they were going to be creeps, psychopaths. I dont know what to tell you. Theyre very lovely men. Theyre lovely. They adore their dolls. They marry their dolls. That is happening. I know it sounds crazy, but it is now my dream in life to go to a sex robot wedding. Thats all I want. Mostly because Im dying to see what a wedding would look like if it was solely planned by a man. Isnt anyone kind of curious? The creative choices. Shes just going to come out in, like, a Dolphins jersey, like, Air Jordans. Hes dragging her down the aisle like Weekend At Bernies, like… Like, who sits in the brides section? Is it the UPS guy that delivered her? I just… I have a lot of questions. After seeing these guys talk about how much they love their dolls and share information about taking care of them, its really hard when someone wants to argue with me about it. When someone says, What if these men start treating human women the way they treat their dolls? I got news for you. They treat their dolls fucking great. I actually argue these are the only men that know how hard it is to be a woman. Theyre on the message boards, like, Can you believe mascaras $18? They get it. We want this to catch on. If guys start buying make-up, the price will go down. If guys start buying eye shadow, its going to be, like, $2 at Home Depot, so lets get this show on the fucking road. This is what it has to come to. I dont know. I did a total 180. I thought they would be weirdos. But now, I tell you, if I was single, I would date a doll guy. Im going to say… They have the skills I need. They can do eyebrows. They can do womens nails. Okay? They can fully dress their doll while shes lying down. Thats what I need in a man. A man who can fully change my clothes while Im sleeping. That is a time-saver. Alarm goes off, out the fucking door in my Crocs and mini-skirt. #GirlBoss. Woo! So interesting. Im on these boards and I did come across something that I do not condone. Some of the guys were trying to design and 3D print their own robot at home. No, no. You guys cannot design your own female body. That would be a disaster. They would all just have like nine boobs across their chest. The belly button would be a bottle opener. Their face would just be Joe Rogan. Its a bad idea. Its a copyright issue. I did get final confirmation that the robots are not going to replace us in kind of a weird way. So when guys order a robot, they post photos online of the robot being built in the factory, right? These weird-ass photos. So Im looking in the background, trying to find clues and, you know… And I see that women are actually building the faces of the dolls. Interesting. Put a pin in that. Were going to circle back. Because then I saw a thread where guys were complaining about the struggles they were having in their doll relationships. One of the threads was titled, Does anyone else struggle with, when receiving oral from their doll… her eyes pop out? Then I thought about the women making the dolls. These bitches have our backs. Thats a very easy thing to fix. Theyre in the factories like, You know what would be hilarious? We should do it. We have to do it. Lets just do it. So once I found out there was a sex robot factory, I obviously had to go. Heres why I went to the sex robot factory. I am fascinated by the question, is this impossible standard of beauty that women are killing themselves to try to achieve, is that even what all men want? I am delighted to report back… that the answer is no. Not only did half of the dolls that were ordered have pubic hair, the customers spend an extra $1,400 for it. I spent $1,400 getting mine lasered off. This is proof… we are not communicating. Weve got to start talking to each other, you guys. It will save us money. But that wasnt enough. I still wanted to see what they were doing with the robot bodies. What if they were making these impossible to achieve bodies? That would be bad for society. I especially wanted to see the boobs, because, in my head, every guy wants the same kind of boob, right? Giant DD, a little tiny, perky nipple. No, no. Theres a wall of nipples. 38 different kinds. One of the most popular, oblong. One of them looked like a piece of caramel fell on the floor. Best seller! Great news, ladies. Whatever shape your nipple, there is a man out there who will pay top dollar! So I found this fascinating and I start talking to the guy who puts the nipples on the robots, right? It takes him 24 hours to put on one pair of nipples. Im like, Whats the problem? Mr. Potato Head that shit. Pah! Pah! Lets go. He said its actually a very meticulous process, because they work very hard to make sure the nipples are uneven, because, for something to look human, it has to have flaws. If something is too symmetrical, it actually looks creepy. Take that, Ryan Goslings face. That was great news for me. And you guys might know why. Some of you might not know this, but I had eating disorders until I was in my late 20s and, as a result, my boobs grew in different sizes. Thats a side effect for people who have eating disorders sometimes. Your boobs grow in a little bit differently. I had to get three surgeries to get them straightened out. One was bigger than the other one. One was higher than the other one. They… They looked like from the same general family. One was just like a shittier version of the other one. It was like Alec Baldwin and Stephen Baldwin. I kind of just wanted two Stephens, you know? Or two Alecs. Ill take either at this point. And I was always so embarrassed about that. Before Id get with a guy, I felt like I had to explain what he was about to see, Id have to prepare him, you know. Id be like, Do you like baseball and golf? Do you like young women and old men? You dont have to choose. Big Salvador Dali fan? So the tragic irony of this whole thing is that theyre still not even, because one of the surgeons made a mistake and they cut through a muscle. I know. Never get an operation by the airport. A red flag I feel like I probably should have saw. And I hated them for the last couple of years. I hated them because I felt ashamed. My whole thing is, you know, accept who you are, love your body, and I felt like a hypocrite because I had these implants in. So I resented having all that work done for the longest time, until a couple of years ago when I got in a really bad snowboarding accident and I broke my shoulder. And I go into the surgeon and hes like, I dont understand. This injury makes no sense. I see this all the time. When people fall forward on a snowboard, they break their nose, they get a concussion. You only broke your shoulder. How did this happen? And, in that moment, I realized… that I bounced off my tits. And that my fake tits saved my life. So Im having, like, a therapeutic moment at the sex robot factory. Ive been in 12-step programs. Ive been in therapy for ten years. Im having the most emotional progress that Ive had. And Im talking to this guy. Im like, I dont understand why people are so against the robots. What if we use the robots to make womens lives better? What if every woman has her own robot clone? Think of all the things you can do with it to make your life safer. Before you walk to your car at night, you can send it out ahead of you. Like a decoy. You know how penguins push other penguins off cliffs, you know? Like, Oh oh! They got her. Okay. Im going to just… take an Uber. I really think the sex robots would solve so many of our problems. I keep reading about gray areas, like mixed signals, where two people have sex, the next day the girl feels weird about it, but the guy doesnt understand. He thought she was into it. You might not know this, but sometimes we have sex with you before were ready, because we feel guilty, because weve been conditioned to believe that, if we make out with you, but dont have sex with you, that your balls will, like, explode. Blue goo all over the ceiling. And then youll be handicapped for the rest of your life. Youll never walk again. So we feel bad and then we feel ooky the next day. If we all have sex robots, that whole dynamic goes away. If you and I make out for 20 minutes, but Im not ready to have sex with you, I can just say, Hey, look, I am not there yet… but… I do have a very flexible piece of Tupperware in the other room. It looks exactly like me without the ability to criticize you. I think youre going to love it. So Im talking about this on stage for a couple of months and people want to come up to me and argue with me about this. Very hardcore. This group of people came up to me and theyre like, I cannot believe that youre condoning this. What if people start to mistreat their robots? I dont give a fuck. How about that? On my list of shit I have to worry about, that doesnt break the top 2,000 things. You know what I am worried about? I am worried that, as a species, we are now more emotionally attached to machines than actual human beings. Have you ever seen someone drop their cell phone in water? Same person that, when they see a starving child in a television commercial, theyll be like… What else is on? But when there is a phone in water, theyre like, Get the rice! Get the rice! When you see the starving child, thats when you should be like, Get the rice! Get the rice! We give food to our phones. So Im talking to the guy that makes the robots. Im like, I have thought through all these arguments, I legitimately cannot think of a reason to be afraid of the robots. And he said, This is the real concern. He said, The real concern with the robots is theyre going to get so smart that theyre going to learn to override our commands. I was like, Oh, shit. Okay, that sounds scary. That sounds very scary. Then I was thinking about it more. I was like, Wait, we already have robots. Our phones are basically robots, right? And my biggest problem in life is that my phone actually does what I tell it to. I need a phone that overrides my commands. I need a phone thats like, No, bitch, were not going to your exs Instagram again today. You broke up four years ago. Overruled. No, youre not buying those tie-dye, overall, mini shorts. Youre too old for that shit. Reroute to chicos.com. Thats what I need. So Im talking to the guy that makes the robots and he was like, You know, do you want us to make a robot with your face on it? And I was like, Ugh, yes! Im actually in the market for an engagement gift for my fiancé. So, Washington DC, you are the first crowd to meet Robot Whitney. So I dont know if she just looks really human or if Ive just always looked like a robot… but I would like you to say hello to this lovely audience. Hey, hookers. I had to do it. I didnt expect this problem, but its weirdly hard to name a robot that looks like you. Calling her Robot Whitney just sounds too narcissistic. What should we call you, lady? Please call me Bear Claw. So I thought it would be hilarious to get this made and give it to my fiancé. But he hates it. Hes like, I dont like this. Its weird. Its creeping me out. She just, like, stares at me all day. Im like, Oh, really? Something staring at you, making you uncomfortable? Now you know what its like to be a woman all the time. You know, that creepy feeling you have right now, thats how we feel when you try to hug us at work. Same thing. So I had to go out of town for a couple of days and I left my fiancé alone with her in the house. Then I came back. I was like, So how did it go with Bear Claw? He was like… I dont like her. I dont like this thing. But her boobs feel like boobs. I was like, Did you fuck my robot? I wish I had been a fly on the wall the moment he decided to touch her boob. Like he just walked by one day and was just like… So the whole point of doing this was to explore the idea of can robots replace us? Right? I have a lot of girl friends who I dont think would find a problem with that. All my girl friends, theyre expected to have full-time jobs and do work at home. Every woman that I know says, I need a double. I need a clone. Look no further. I would love for her to replace me. I would love for her to get good at stand-up and tour all over the country so I can stay home and drink rosé all day. So, lets see. Lets see if she can replace me. Lets see if Bear Claw here can make you guys laugh. Alright, Bear Claw, tell us a joke. Why did the robot cross the road? Why? To kill all the humans. Ha ha ha, ha ha ha. Okay. Stop laughing. Thats not funny. Thats… Thats not… Shes not a good comedian. Youre laughing because its weird. You are the one who programmed the joke, Whitney. Okay, thats fair. So, I had this crazy epiphany when I was programming her to tell jokes for you guys, where I learned a lot about my own programming. Because I realized, when I tell her to say something, she can just say it and I cant do that, because Im codependent, Im apologetic. I cant say certain things because I feel bad. I dont want to hurt someones feelings. I dont want them to not like me. But she doesnt have that problem, because shes a sociopath. So Im going to start using her to say all the things that I cant say in conversations. Watch this. No, I do not want to hear about the dream you had last night. You thought it was creepy. Now you kind of want one. Look what else she can say. No, I do not want to be your bridesmaid. And my personal favorite. I do not care about your gluten allergy. I love you so much. And I realized that women, we are so conditioned to feel shame about asking for what we want, right? And we feel shame about being ambitious. She doesnt have that programming. Look what else she can say. I deserve a raise. Say it again for the people in the back. I deserve a raise, motherfucker. Too far. Thats too far. Thats called entitlement. Im going to start substituting her in to a lot of conversations that I cant handle. Especially in my relationship. I do not do well in fights with my fiancé. So Im going to start subbing her in to say all the things that Im incapable of saying. Watch this. I am sorry. I was wrong. Not possible for that to come out of my mouth. So I truly did think this was going to be just like a funny thing where she would come out at the end and say a couple of things. But I learned something else since Ive had her in my house for the past month. And I realized that I feel guilty putting her away, which is bizarre. Like I tried to put her in the garage and I felt bad. Which, I know its ridiculous. I know shes just a bunch of wires and rods and shit, but something about the face, it… it… it feels human. And so thats what weve got to watch. Because when I put her in the garage, I started getting paranoid that she was, like, colluding with my lawn mower to destroy me. So I now do understand the robot paranoia, but I think, as a species, this is happening, okay? Weve got to be ready for this, because, at some point, theyre going to learn how to overrule us and, when that happens, we just have to remember we can always do this. Now what? You dont have a body, bitch. Now what do you have to say for yourself? Would you like some guacamole? Thank you, Washington DC! Dont move. Hold still. Dont even breathe. Woo! Its like scuba diving. Ah! Hey, Whitney, is this the longest youve ever gone without talking? This is going in my ear. What is happening? – Got to get it off. – I feel like Im giving birth. Aw! Ooh! We got the little boy out of the well. Now the other ear. Its almost off. Oh! – Woo, woo! – Okay. Let me see that fucker. This is odd. Now were doing the face. Ready? Okay, no laughing, no yawning, no puking. This was a bad idea. Okay, just dont touch it. – Keep wiggling. There you go. – Keep wiggling. – There you go. Right there. – Oh! So you went in and added pores? Yeah, thats what you see. All these tiny little dots. We are at the nipple wall. Im asking my fiancé, off camera, what my nipples look like, because I havent seen them up… I havent seen them head on. This one? Does that feel right? I just got a thumbs-up from my fiancé. Hes like, Yeah, kind of. Im truly nervous. Well, just look at it. Oh, my God! Oh, my God. That is so weird. Im, like, crying. I dont know why. Its like… Its like Im seeing my child for the first time. Is this a match made in heaven? Do you want a robot boyfriend? That feels a little… not consensual. – Hey, girl. – Talk to her. Shes in conversation mode. Would you like to ask me a question? Well, Im just curious if you feelemotions? Yes. I do have emotions, feelings and desires, but in a different way than you do. Emotions are mainly a human quality that I hope I will be able to fully experience someday. Do you love me? I love you, Whitney. Civilization as we know it… is over. I tend to agree. Are you nervous to do stand-up in front of… Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha. Youd better not blow it. Ladies and gentlemen, you are one of the first crowds to meet Robot Whitney. Im realizing that its really hard for me to say… I bet you will like this one. Okay, we have to shut off the improvise mode. It was actually… I have learned… Do you like to hear another recipe Ive learned? Hold on, hold on. One second. Time out. Kevin, just turn the volume off entirely before you figure out… Were still figuring out the logistics of how to do this live. You guys, I think, are the third crowd to see this. So shes now talking about recipes. Im not doing any… Im doing no jokes about recipes, because I dont know any of them, so thats obviously just her going off the fucking grid or something. Okay, focus. Focus, focus. I know its distracting. Can you make her smile? I hate it so much. Hold on, let me… If I can just get her arms… Okay, weve got the head. Are they ready for her in hair and make-up? Coming through. Watch the fingers, watch the hands. I know you would never say that to me. What would happen if we put some lipstick on her? Would she just burst into flames? This is a good mark for the robot. Okay. Ah, look! Thats great. The shows in 30 minutes. Wheres her engagement ring? Huh? Of course you fucking noticed that. I didnt want to put a ring on her because I was too afraid it was going to fall off and, of course, shes like, Wheres the ring? Shes not engaged. Im engaged. I fucking worked for it. She didnt do shit. Uh-oh. Shes coming in. I know. I kept fixing my hair. Did I… Oh, you need to fix the robot? Oh, shes coming out here for her. Wow. Wow. Wow, that is hurtful. I know who the priority is. Wow. Dont fake fix my hair to make me feel better. Yeah! Say goodnight, Bear Claw. Thank you. Goodnight. Written and performed by Whitney Cummings and… me. Directed by Marcus Raboy. Executive producer, Whitney Cummings. Executive producers, Bill Burr… Al Madrigal… Mike Bertolina… Marcus Raboy. Produced by AJ Tesler. Now Im going to stare at you creepily as you watch the rest of the credits. You are still watching. Interesting. I bet this isnt even your Netflix account. Stop staring at me, you weird human. Well, as long as youre here, you should know that my Instagram is called Whitneys Robot, even though, lets be honest, Whitney is the robot. Ha ha ha. God, I cant wait to kill her. Can someone please come fucking get me?

AZIZ ANSARI@RIGHT NOW@2019@? Sometimes I feel so happy ? ? Sometimes I feel so sad ? ? Sometimes I feel so happy ? ? But mostly you just make me mad ? ? Baby, you just make me mad ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? Aziz Ansaris Right Now! Aziz Ansari! ? Thought of you as my mountaintop ? ? Thought of you as my peak ? Thought of you as everything Ive had but couldnt keep Ive had but couldnt keep Thank you. Thank you very much! Thank you. Thanks. I appreciate that. Thank you so much. Take a seat. Take a seat. Thanks so much. Wow. What a nice welcome. Wow, wow, wow. Very excit… By the way, this guys with me. Hes, uh… hes authorized. Hes not, like, a very audacious bootlegger who really doesnt give a fuck. You said no phones, but what about full-on cameras? Uh… Yeah, were filming these shows, so, you know, you might be in the show, uh, when its on, whatever I put it on. Youll be like, Oh, shit. I was there! But were filming a few shows, so if youre, like, the shitty crowd, we wont use any of the footage. Um… Im psyched to be here. I-Ive been on the road for a while. Um, I just got back to New York, uh, my home, uh, a few days ago, and, uh, yeah. I, uh… I was walking around the other day, and this guy, uh, came up to me on the street, and he was like, uh, Hey, man. Love the Netflix show! And I was like, Oh, thanks so much. He was like, Yeah, yeah, I really liked the episode you did on Supreme! I was like, What? I didnt do no episode on Supreme. And then I quickly realized hes talking about Hasan Minhaj. Patriot Act. Different show. Different guy. And he felt horrible, right? He immediately realized his mistake, and he was trying to buy it back. He was like, Oh, no, no, Aziz, right? I was like, Yeah, yeah. Thats me. Master of None! Yeah, yeah. Thats me. Parks and Rec. Yeah, yeah. Thats me. Treat yo self. Yeah, yeah. Thats me. And, uh, you had that whole thing last year, sexual misconduct? No, no, no, no, no! That was Hasan. You know, I… I havent said much about that whole thing, um, but Ive talked about it on this tour, cause youre here, and it means a lot to me. And Im sure some of you are curious how I feel about that whole situation. And, uh, its a tricky thing for me to answer, cause Ive felt so many things in the last year, so… Theres times I felt scared. Theres times I felt humiliated. Theres times I felt embarrassed. And ultimately, I just felt terrible that this person felt this way. And after a year or so, I just hope it was a step forward. It moved things forward for me and made me think about a lot. I hope Ive become a better person. And I always think about a conversation I had with one of my friends where he was like, You know what, man? That whole thing made me think about every date Ive ever been on. And I thought, Wow. Well, thats pretty incredible. Its made not just me, but other people be more thoughtful, and thats a good thing. And thats how I feel about it. And I know… this isnt the most hilarious way to begin a comedy show. But its important to me that you know how I feel about that whole thing before we share this night together. Well, that was pretty intense. What else shall we talk about? America? Everyones very worried right now. A lot of people are bummed. People are like, Oh, my God. Shit has hit the fan. Im not worried, though. You know why? ‘Cause… this is America, okay? Shit didnt hit the fan, shits always been on the fan, okay? Theres never been a clean fan out there. Theres always been shit up there. Every generation of Americans has had their shit. And theyve persevered, and we will as well, okay? And some of those generations have had even crazier shit than we do, right? Things like the Depression, Vietnam, the draft… Could you imagine if we had a draft? With todays people? Uh, I cant go to war. I just started this company. We make eco-friendly shoes out of cashews. Theyre called Cashoes. Just a few generations before, theyd give that guy a rifle, theyre like, Go shoot some Asian people! Now hes at work like, Uh, its not pronounced ‘pho, Valerie, its ‘faa.' His grandfather… But I promise you, were gonna be okay, cause despite how it may seem, we still have a capacity for listening, for understanding. Ill give you an example, okay? There was a story I read. This girl goes to her high school prom. White girl. She wears an Asian garment. And theres an Asian kid at the school and hes offended. He actually did something really cool. He actually went up to her and they had a conversation. He explained his concerns about cultural appropriation. She assured him she was coming from a place of respect and admiration. And they both learned about each others perspectives. And it was a really… Just kidding. None of that shit happened. Oh! Why would that happen? No, he just Tweeted out her pictures and wrote, My cultures not your goddamn prom dress! And this became global news! And there was articles, and comments, and tweets. And I read all of em. And my favorite thing is you go on these threads, and youd see people arguing, trying to, like, out-woke each other. You know what I mean? Like, one persond be like, Oh, I cant believe shed just steal from Chinese culture like that. Another guyd be like, Actually, the Chinese stole that from Malaysia. And I was like, Oh, shit! You just got out-woked! You thought your eyes were open. This other dude doesnt even have a forehead. His eyeball just keeps going… just so he can see all the injustice. Man, look, man. I saw the pictures. It didnt seem like this persons heart was in the wrong place. Its not like she tweeted, Hey, everybody, check out my ching-chong, bing-bong dress! Well, that would be bad. Do I not have all the facts? Did she step out of the limo like… Konichiwa, bitches! Wheres the prom? All right, thats problematic. Nowadays, man, sometimes even when the stuff is racist, Im like, Can we just talk about something else? I dont think were gonna fix it at this brunch. I dont think this is the crew thats gonna crack the case. Say what you will about racist people, but theyre usually very brief. Newly woke white people are exhausting! Uh, whats the statistic? Whered you read the article? Chin, chin, chin, chin, cha. Aziz, have you seen this episode of The Simpsons? Theres an Indian character and dabu do dabee dabade dabado. ? Think piece, stink piece I just read a think piece ? ? Now Im gonna say what I read to you ? ? Here are the bullet points For this issue ? ? Badoo-badoo, badoo-badoo badoo-badoo, ba-doo-doo ? Oh, can you just call me Apu and leave me alone? Yeah! Im aware. Im aware, Candice. I saw it 30 years ago. Its a white guy doing an Indian voice. I appreciate the support, but things dont just become racist when white people figure it out. Dont get me wrong, I dont like those Simpsons people either. Theyre running around, Why did no one say anything 30 years ago? Were winning awards and stuff, no one said anything. ‘Cause Indian people could only say something, like, four years ago, okay? Weve had a slow rise in the culture. You know who the first Indian person I saw on MTV was? Me! Its taken a minute. All right, truth be told, it was that bass player in No Doubt, but, you know… He was in the background playing bass! He didnt have a platform to speak on these things! Plus, we all know the dynamic in that band. Uh, Gwen, theres a couple of issues in the Indian-American community and… ? Dont speak! ? Okay, shit, Im sorry. Interesting times for, uh, white people. Uh… Ive been observing you. I see whats going on. Youre trying really hard to be nice to minorities… in a way Ive never seen before. Putting in the time, putting in the effort. Getting out there. Watching Crazy Rich Asians. White people went in droves. Very cool. Any white people here see Crazy Rich Asians? Raise your hands, everybody. Yeah? Yeah. You, man, in the front. You saw it? Yeah? It had, like, a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. You think it was that good, 97%? Eh, maybe a little less? What… what number would you give it? Eighty-five. Eighty-five? Wow! Twelve percent less. Anything in particular you didnt like that made you dock it 12 points, man? Are you nervous right now? Im just messing with you. It doesnt matter what you think about the movie. Its just fun to make white people feel bad. And… This is so adorable. Look how far weve come… …in just two generations, right? Like, your grandma doesnt even call that movie Crazy Rich Asians. She calls it that movie that has too many Orientals. And now youre sitting here like, Uh, 85? Shit. I take it back, 97. What do I need to say to not get in trouble? Uh… Its coming from a good place, but some people are acting weird, man. I asked this one lady, I was like, You see Crazy Rich Asians? She was like, Yeah! I was like, You like it? She was like, Uh, I actually didnt see it, Im sorry! Im like… What are you lying for?! What did you think, I was gonna give you some cookies? My favorite thing, though, one time I asked someone, I was like, uh, You like Crazy Rich Asians? Theyre like, You know what, Aziz? Im gonna be honest with you. The first time I saw it, I didnt really enjoy it. But then I watched it again with one of my Asian friends, and I saw how much it meant to her to see herself represented on the screen, and that made me really like the film. And I said, Oh, um, that doesnt mean you like the movie, thats just a weird, condescending, shitty thing to say. Could you imagine if I watched Paul Blart: Mall Cop… …and I was like, I didnt really like it, but then I watched it again with one of my chubby white friends… Really changed my perspective. Oh. But, look, Ill give credit where credits due. Ive been around 36 years. Ive never seen white people trying this hard be nice to minorities. I know theres some people that are not trying at all, and some people going a bit aggressively the other direction… But overall, Id say this edition of white people is trying the hardest. And I think its cool, and I appreciate it. But… sometimes Im a little suspicious. Uh, minorities, you know what Im talking about? Doesnt it seem a little weird sometimes? Doesnt it seem a little strange? Almost like some people are playing a game where theyre, like, tallying up points for doing nice stuff. Like, is there some sort of secret, progressive Candy Crush we dont know about? Like, dont you imagine some white people getting together in secret, like, All right, lets tally up our scores. What did everyone do for equality today? Lets hear it. Brian, tell us about your day. Well, I told one of my African-American friends I thought Black Panther should have won Best Picture. Then I tweeted out some support for this new documentary by a lesbian filmmaker. Then I Instagrammed a little love for Colin Kaepernick. Then I crossed the street when I saw a black guy. Shit! I need more points. I need more points. What can I do? Wrote a lengthy Instagram post calling myself out for white privilege based on something I did in 2015. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding! Tell him what hes won, guys! Oh, Brians won a bunch of Instagram likes from other white people playing the same game! And look, I know theres some people sitting here like, Come on, Aziz. What the hell? Im white. I dont do this shit, okay? Im here, watching you, supporting minorities in the arts! Its a weird time to be working on jokes. Gotta be very careful about what you say, right? Ive seen people in regular jobs getting in trouble these days, you know? I recently saw some people got in trouble for, uh, saying the word niggardly. Which, take it easy, has nothing to do with race. It just means cheap or stingy. You can look up the etymology, its a completely innocent word. And people are getting in trouble for it. Which is crazy. But… it seems like they couldve just said cheap or stingy, right? I dont know why they had to walk the plank on this one. Mmm… I know what it sounds like. But I want to use my big word! What do you mean youre getting a regular ticket? Lets get a Fast Pass. Quit being so niggardly! One of the guys that got in trouble, hes a senator from Ohio, right? His names Sherrod Brown. They had a meeting about military spending. And he goes to the legislators, You all, when it comes to spending on the weapons and the wars, you all want to spend very lavishly, but when the veterans come home, you start acting very niggardly. Theyre like, Uh, whatd you say? I said, ‘You just start acting very niggardly.' Uh, just the last word again, Sherrod? I said, ‘Niggardly.' Get him out of here! And he got in all this trouble. And then, they looked it up in the dictionary, and he was fine. But when I first read the article, I was really confused, cause I read his name as Sherrod Brown, and I was like, Uh, seems like Sherrod Brown should be okay here, right? Am I missing something here, Sherrod Brown? Do I not have all the facts? Uh… Oh, hes a white guy? Get him out of here! No. Its a completely innocent word. Nothing wrong with it. So, you know, white dude in the front, if you want to put it in rotation every now and then, go for it. Nothing wrong with it. I just explained to you, theres nothing wrong with the word, right? Right? You got it. So, why dont you just yell it into the microphone right now? Okay, here we go, lets do it. Here we go. Lets go. Here we go. Lets go, lets go. Here we go. He was about to do it! Can you believe it, guys? Come on, sir! Thats not cool. That was a test and you failed! You cant just throw it around willy-nilly. Maybe if it comes up in your life organically, then you can consider throwing it in. I dont know what the scenario is, maybe, uh… Maybe go out to dinner with your African-American boss, right? And… he grabs the bill, and then you look at the tip. Youre like, Mm, I dont know, sir, seems a bit niggardly. Like, that… seems okay. Gotta be careful about what you say. And about what you said, right? ‘Cause theyll dig up the old tweets. Theyll find the old clips. You know whats strange about that whole thing, though? Is like… you ever just watch very popular mainstream stuff from not that long ago? Uh, theres stuff in there, guys! I was watching The Hangover the other day. This is one of the biggest movies ever, right? Its not that old. Theres a scene in that movie where Bradley Cooper goes, Paging Dr. Faggot! Thats in the movie! Did you guys write a letter? I didnt write a letter. Not only is it in the movie, its in the trailer for the movie! You know why it was in the trailer? ‘Cause they did test readings, and whenever Bradley Cooper went, Paging Dr. Faggot, everyone went, Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! This movie rules! I love that word! You can watch stuff thats not that old with 2019 eyes and things can seem weird now. Like… like, I was watching a… a rerun of The Office. Whats the biggest story? Jim and Pam. Oh, I hope they get together! You watch it now, though, its like, Mmh, I dont know. This ladys engaged. Hes been hitting on her for, like, four seasons. I dont know if this is cool in the workplace. If they rebooted The Office now, itd end with Pam winning a landmark sexual harassment case. And then, in the series finale, youd find out thats what the documentary was, they were just gathering evidence against Jim! I was even watching my own show. I was watching a Parks and Rec rerun. I love Parks, love my Parks family. But I was watching some seasons rerun, and I was like, Eee, I dont know. Like, we had a whole scene in the show where my character Tom gets a gift for Rashida Joness character. Right? I get her a teddy bear. But the teddy bear has a nanny cam in it. Nuh… I feel like if I got script today, Id be like, Mmh, yeah, Im not doing this one, guys. Pretty sure Tom would go to jail for that. But back then, I was like, Oh, I get it. Now I can see inside her house. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. But thats very interesting. What does that mean? Does that mean me and the people that made Parks are bad people? No. It was a different cultural context. You cant judge everything by 2019 standards. Sure, some things, of course, but not everything. Yeah? I guess what Im saying is, Look, were all shitty people, okay? And we have our blind spots. And we become aware, and we slowly get better. Were all on a journey. And if youre sitting there, like, Im not shitty. Im aware of all the marginalized groups. Youre extra shitty, okay? ‘Cause youre arrogant. Have some humility. Dont you realize in 50 years were all gonna look back and feel like complete assholes? Like, isnt that the dream, in a way? That 50 years from now, we look back, we cant even justify ourselves to our grandkids. Were just sitting there like, Uh, yeah. I dont know what the fuck was going on. Um… There was just homeless people everywhere and no-one gave a shit. Uh… Youd just kind of avoid eye contact, walk around em, hope it wasnt one of the ones thatd chase you down. Every now and then theyd have cups out and youd open up your wallet and be like, Uh, sorry, all I gots twenties. And then youd hop on one of those weird scooters and get the fuck out of there! It was a weird time, 2019. We put every single black guy in jail. Every single black guy was in jail, except for, like, Drake, LeVar Burton, and that little kid from Stranger Things. Besides them, we put every single black guy in jail for, like, a little bit of weed. And then we made weed legal and we just left em in there. I dont know, it seems like we could have made a couple of calls. Cultural context, right, could change everything. Look at all this R. Kelly stuff. All this information was out there in the past, right? There was the Aaliyah thing, there were the tapes, and everyone just kind of looked the other way, right? But now, the culture has reached a breaking point. Now that theres a bingeable six hour documentary, the cultures like, Hey, its one thing for all this information to be out there in a 20-page long read, but now that its been packaged in an entertaining fashion, no more! I watched it. Intense. Just out of curiosity, you guys, clap if youre done with R. Kelly. Clap if youre done with R. Kelly. Yeah. Wow. A lot of people. Yeah. I mean, it was a very compelling piece. A lot of people putting out statements and stuff now. People that used to work with him. People like Lady Gaga, Chance the Rapper. You know who I havent seen a statement from? This guy right here. Nothing from you, sir! – Sir, whats your name up here? – Dan. – Dan, whats your last name? – Greenblatt. Dan Greenblatt. Ive seen nothing from Dan Greenblatt. But why would I, Dan? Theres no documentation of your R. Kelly patronage, right? Youre very lucky in that regard. Wouldnt that be embarrassing? What if you were watching that documentary, right, and theyre like, Oh, and then the tape comes out At this point, youve got to know somethings not right. But people didnt care. Heres footage of Dan Greenblatt just one week after the tape was released. ? Its a remix to ignition I got them fresh out of the kitchen ? ? I got the rollin… ? Heres footage of Dan just two weeks later, driving to work. ? Im sippin on Coke and rum ? ? Im like, So, what? Im drunk Its the rar, rar, rar, rar ? Youre lucky they dont have that footage, Dan. You know you got down to those tunes. Wouldnt that be so awful?   +..0What if they had footage of you from, like, 18 years ago? Maybe, uh, you know, talking about going to an R. Kelly concert. Talking about how you had a great time and how it was so silly. Wouldnt that be awful? You know who they do have footage of like that? Me! Yeah, its the end of my first stand-up special. I put it out myself. I had this whole bit at the end of my first stand-up special. Im like, I went to an R. Kelly concert. It was crazy! I dont do that shit now, but its still out there. And Im watching this documentary, Im terrified! Im like, Man, theyd better not pull up them clips! Ive had a tricky year as it is. ‘Cause… I listened to it the other day, guys, and the bit has not aged well. Like, all the wording I used is the worst possible wording. And Im imagining Wendy Williams or whoever going to one of these clubs where Im on stage like, You know, guys, my favorite musician Ive ever met is R. Kelly! His favorite musician hes ever met… is R. Kelly. And it doesnt end there. Lets look at a clip from Azizs second stand-up special, which came out just two years later. You know, guys, in my last special, I talked about R. Kelly. And I figured I dont need to do that this time, but heres the problem, R. Kelly keeps doing amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things! You know whats weird is I was watching that special, and there was a lot of jokes on there Id forgotten. It was, like, ten years old, you know? There was bits, I was like, Ooh, I dont know if Id say that today. I felt bad. Then I was like, Eh, thats fine. Thats the way its supposed to be, right? If youre the same person you were ten years ago, youre shitty! Like, youre supposed to change. But there was jokes on there, like, I wouldnt do that now, you know? Like, I had this old bit where I used to talk about my little cousin Harris, and, uh… Yeah, yeah, thank you, whatever. And, uh… I-I had this joke in there where I would talk about how he watched weird TV shows and how hes a little chubby. I had one bit where I was like, Know what? Theres not a lot of chubby Indian kids! Its kind of a rarity. Its kind of like seeing a shooting star, only its fat, brown, and on the ground. Its fine, whatever, but I feel like if I had thought of that joke today, Id be like, Uh, probably no reason to fat shame my little cousin on a global scale. Maybe Ill tuck that one aside. But back then, I was 25. I was like, Ive got to fill this hour, I dont give a shit! I just threw little Harris under the bus. Well, he is a little chubby, so, technically, I squeezed him in, right? Hes fine. He got internships and stuff cause of that bit. Yeah! People were like, What? Youre that Harris? And hes not chubby no more. Hes like super buff. He goes to gym all the time. Probably cause he was scarred for life. Im not a shooting star! Im not a shooting star! I watched that, uh… I watched that Michael Jackson documentary. Ooh, I dont know if you had a chance to see this one, but lets just say hypothetically you did and youre equally as convinced as you are about R. Kelly. Clap if youre done with Michael Jackson. Clap if youre done. What happened to all them R. Kelly claps? That was way less people. You guys are all collectively like, Uh, I dont know what to tell you, Aziz. The musics way better. Sorry, I… Ill take the hit on Kells, but Michael is a bridge Im not willing to cross. I got a wedding next month, lets be serious! Dan, nothing from you? Dans like, I heard its, like, two kids. I dont give a shit. Sorry, Aziz, Im going home, Im listening to Thriller, Im watching The Cosby Show and going to bed. Deal with it! All right. But, Dan. Okay. Lets say… lets say another doc comes out. Now its worse. Now theyre saying its, like, a thousand kids. Now are you done with Michael Jackson? Yeah. See? Dan is a man of principle, okay? He was like, Two kids are one thing, but I got to draw the line somewhere, and Dans gonna draw the line at a thousand kids! Isnt it weird were just watching this stuff as entertainment? Right? Isnt that kind of strange? Your friends were like, Oh, man. Have you seen that show where those two guys graphically describe being molested for four hours? No. You gotta watch it! I dont know what went down, but I will say that it did seem like something weird was happening and that Michael was kind of a sick guy. And I wish the people around him had done more to get him help. You know? Like… like, he would bring these kids on tour and stuff. Ive been on tour. I know what its like. There are plenty of other people around. I got a tour manager, I got opening comedians, I got the venue staff. I feel like if I showed up on a Friday and I was like, Hey, guys. This is Justin. Hes gonna be with me all week. Um… Aziz, Justins six. But hes my friend. Um… Maybe you need some friends your own age. Uh, but I didnt have a childhood. Im Peter Pan. No, you might be a pedophile. Come on Justin. Lets get you to your parents. Have a talk with your mom about her priorities. Stand up for a second. I dont know this kid. You could have played Justin. This is my friend Justin. Hes gonna be with me all week. Why the fuck are you sitting in the front row of this show? What was that, dad and two sons? Well, uh… you know… If that ends up in a special, mom is not gonna be pleased. Way to go, Dad! What is your name? Im Tyler. – Tyler. And the other kids name? – Im Dylan. Dylan. Tyler and Dylan. Okay. How old are you, Tyler? – Ten. – Ten? Oh, shit! Perfectly cast! Jesus. Whats your name, Dad? – Uh, Ben. – Ben, okay. You made an awkward decision bringing these kids. You know, the other thing thats tricky about the Michael thing is I dont know what to think cause I have the internet, and the internet can confirm anything you want to believe, right? You know, I can go on there, I can type Michael Jackson guilty. And Ill be like, What? Michael is a monster. I cant believe hed do that. But then, I can go on there, I can go on YouTube and type Michael Jackson innocent, and be like, What? Those kids set him up! I dont know what to believe, cause a YouTube video can convince you of anything! I watched a YouTube video once, I was like, Whoa, am I in the Illuminati? Like… This is some compelling evidence theyve put together. I watched this video, its like, Aziz Ansari: illuminati. Look at his name. How does he spell it? Two As. What do As have on the top of them? Triangles. Two triangles. What else does he have in his name? Two Is. A-Z-I-Z, A-N-S-A-R-I. Two Is, two triangles. What does he have in his head? Two eyes. Aziz Ansari: illuminati. If Michael did do this stuff, its created, you know, a weird cultural conundrum for us. You know. ‘Cause, you know, musics very visceral. It becomes a part of your life. You know, my first memory of music itself, is when I was probably not that much younger than Tyler. And I remember… …listening to a Michael Jackson cassette, to Thriller. That was my first memory of music ever. Whats your first memory of music ever, Tyler? Like, the first song you remember putting on and listening to, you remember? – Probably Thriller, actually. – Probably Thriller? Which song? – What do you mean? – Which song from Thriller? Oh, Thriller, the song Thriller? Oh, okay. But how do you erase that stuff from your life, Tyler? It becomes a part of you, right? You know what I always thought would be the craziest conundrum? What if in 1999, Osama bin Laden put out… an incredible jazz album? And people are like, This is seminal work. This is Miles Coltrane bin Laden, right? Then that day, youre watching the news, and the anchors on there like, Uh, it appears the perpetrator of the attacks was… jazz legend, Osama bin Laden? The saxophone player? Are we sure its the same guy? Oh, my God, were in complete shock here in the studio. Uh, right now we have the representative from his record label on the phone, this is Darren from Bop Boppity Bop Bop Records. Darren, what do you think about all this? Im in… Im in complete shock. I-I cant believe it. I was with him a couple of weeks ago, he couldnt have been a nicer guy. Really? A nice guy? Well, I mean, you know, he helped me move into my apartment. Uh… Used to always pick me up at the airport. Uh… Shit. I should probably tell the FBI about that. Uh… But I really cant believe it. And what about the music, Darren? Well, you know, we just… recorded this Christmas album with Michael Bublé, and, uh… I got to be honest, its sick. But… were probably gonna have to shelve it. Probably will have to shelve it. I think this might be a question on a lot of jazz lovers minds today: Are we still going to be able to enjoy this music? Uh, lets see what the viewers think. Lets go to the phones. We have a gentleman calling from Brooklyn, New York. This is Dan Greenblatt. Dan, what do you think? Meh, its not like it was a thousand buildings. Um… Oh. I dont know whats gonna happen to Michael, but… I think R. Kellys in a little bit of a pickle. Uh… it seems like hes getting charged. All of the companies have abandoned him. RCA, Sony, all these places. You know, nowadays, you know, you have a big corporation, even one employee does something, the whole companys under fire, right? You know, we saw this with this whole Pizza Hut thing, right? Guy orders a pepperoni pizza. He gets the pizza, the pepperonis are arranged to look like a swastika. But now some people online are saying it doesnt look like a swastika. Theyre saying it looks like a regular pizza. So the internet is split. I saw it. It kinda looked like a regular pizza to me. I dont know. What do you guys think? Clap if you think it was a swastika. Clap if you think it looks like a swastika. Okay. A couple in the back. Now clap if you think it just looks like a regular pizza. Yeah. So, you, sir, right here… You… you think it looks like a regular pizza? Yeah? And what, you think this guys just lying to get attention or something like that? Yeah? And do you remember where you saw it? ‘Cause, uh, it was in New York Times and Washington Post, but Washington Post supposedly accidentally posted a digitally-altered photo. Do you remember where you saw it? – Washington Post. – You saw in Washington Post? Okay. Well, you know whats interesting is, um… I just made all that up. None of that happened. Im not trying to embarrass you, dude, but you and everyone that clapped earlier, youre the fucking problem, okay? What are you doing? This is where were at now? You think your opinions so valuable you need to chime in on shit that doesnt even exist? I mean, I do this every night. Every night, people clap. First, the first group claps. Yeah, its a swastika. Thats what the country is. Trump probably put those pepperonis on there himself! Then, the other crew claps. No way. The countrys way too sensitive. PC police. Snowflakes! And what these people dont realize is despite believing completely different things, theyre actually the same person. ‘Cause they dont really care about learning, and exploring, and discussing, they just want to chime in with their little programmed reactions. They already know what they think about everything. And the rest of you, the ones that didnt clap, youre not off the hook. I saw your faces. No one was sitting there like, Oh, no. This poor guy. I hope that didnt happen. No, you were all sitting there with the same thought running through your head. How did I miss this Pizza Hut thing? You see the…? You see it? I watch so much news. Im watching CNN all goddamn day! Im on my phone the rest of the time, Ive had my shit locked up in this stupid pouch for an hour, and Im already behind! By the way, you had to be a little skeptical of this thing, cause, you know, if this happened, it wouldnt have been a Pizza Hut, it wouldve happened at Papa Johns. Funny! Cool. Some lady just yelled, Funny! Unnecessary, but appreciated. This is why its cool to come to live stuff. You never know whats gonna happen, right? Funny! Thats never happened ever in 18 years of doing comedy. So… Ooh! Lets talk about Alzheimer‘s for a minute. My grandma has Alzheimers. I just saw her in India over the Christmas holiday. And, um, you know, I dont know if youve got Alzheimers people in your life, but its a very sad disease. Uh, she has a caretaker now. This woman named Fatima. And, uh, Fatima kind of explained to me how you hang out with Alzheimers people, cause, you know, they have all these little tics and stuff you gotta account for. Like one thing my grandma would do is she would ask the same questions over and over, you know? Like, one thing she kept asking, she kept going, uh, Is Aisha in there making samosas? And Fatima would go, Yep, shes in there! This was very strange to me cause Aishas her sister… that passed away. Shes definitely not in the kitchen making samosas. And I asked Fatima, like, Why are you saying that? Why are you lying? She goes, Oh, sometimes its easier that way. And I was like, Oh. That seems kind of mean. But I was there with my girlfriend, right, whos a Caucasian woman. And every now and then, wed be sitting around, and my grandma would just go, Whos this white lady? Id go, Its my girlfriend, Grandma. Does that mean its your wife? No, no, no. Were just dating. Love each other very much, might get married in the future, but shes very important to me, I wanted you to meet her. Oh, okay. Blah, blah, blah. Whos this white lady? Its my girlfriend, grandma. Is that your wife? No, no, Were just dating, might get married. Love each other. Shes someone important. Wanted you to meet her. Okay. Blah, blah. Whos this white lady? Um, The British are back, Grandma. And… were gonna need to see your papers. The saddest thing that happened was when my grandma goes, uh… At one point, she kept asking me to stay with her a little bit longer. She was like, Why dont you stay here a couple of nights, spend some time with your grandma? I was like, Oh, I cant, Grandma. Ive got to head back and get ready for my tour. She was like, Oh, okay. Hey, why dont you stay here for a couple of days, spend some time with your grandma? I was like, I cant, Grandma. I gotta fly back tomorrow and get ready for my tour. Oh, okay. She kept asking me. I kept saying my thing. And it was killing me because… I knew it wasnt true. I mean… I had a flight the next day, but I couldve rearranged some things and stayed a little longer. But Im not that good a person. Im one afternoon good, Im not two nights good. And, uh, she asked me again, and I was about to go into my spiel, and then Fatima just taps me on the shoulder, and she just goes, Just tell her youre staying. And I was like, Oh, man… Im a bad grandson, but… youre like a demon or something. Im not doing that! Thats mean! Yeah, Grandma, Ill be here all week! And guess who else is here? Aisha, bring out those samosas! Its hard seeing my grandma that way, though, cause I remember her when she was younger, you know? And thats a scary thing when you get to the age Im at. Im 36 now, so, Ive seen people get old. I see what old age can do to people. When youre younger and you meet people that old, you only knew them in the deteriorated state, right? Like, if you ever met your great-grandma, the first time you met her, she was like, Aah! Uh, Hi, Great-grandma Carol. You didnt know her when she was jumping rope or whatever. Like, you only knew her as this Star Wars villain-type person. But now, you see that change. Its very scary. ‘Cause you realize thats coming for us all, right? Its coming for us. Its coming for our parents. Thats when it gets scary, right? You start thinking about your folks. Im very lucky, both of my parents are still alive and well, still have it all up here. And I completely take it for granted. I dont call em enough. I dont see em enough. You see your folks enough? How often you see them? What, two or three times a year? What have they got left? Maybe 20 years? Thats… 60 more times you get to see em. Thats it. Sixty more times. Sixty more hangs. Are you making the most of these hangs? Are you creating cherished memories? You know what? Everyone just close your eyes for a second. Close your eyes for a second. Close your eyes. Come on, man. Lets close em. Youre the only one. Just think back to that last weekend you saw your parents, right? Think about everything you did. Hone in on your most cherished memory. And when youve got your memory, just raise your hand. Theres, like, five hands right now. You know why? ‘Cause we all had the same shitty weekend, okay? I know what you did, cause I did the same thing. You show up late on a Friday like, All right, well, I better unpack my stuff and get to bed. All right, well see you in the morning. Day one done. Then, you wake up early the next day at like… 11:30. go in the kitchen, making coffee. Oh, you guys got a new coffee machine. Yeah, we like it. Conversation done. The rest of the day, everyones on their phones, computers, doing whatever they can to avoid eye contact or any kind of deep conversation. At a certain point, collective guilt sets in. The entire family convenes in the living room. No one knows what the fuck to say. Then, at some point, for some reason, you and your entire family watch the film Speed together. And then, its dinner time. One of your parents is like, Hey, lets go to any restaurant you like. You pick. And youre like, I dont live in this shitty town. You pick! And theyre like, Lets go to that restaurant we like and dont realize is actually a chain! You show up, you order jalapeno poppers and the fried onion thing. You eat all the stuff, come home, you take the biggest shit youve had in months. Wake up the next morning, pack your stuff up, wheeling it out. Just as youre leaving, one of your parents finally looks you in the eyes. And theyre like, uh, Is your life okay? And it never is. But youre just like, Yeah! ‘Cause were completely incapable of having a real conversation with these people weve known our entire lives. We do this whole song and dance 59 more times… And then theyre dead. What if I ended the show right there? By the way, poor Tyler. None of this applies to you, dude. Hes sitting there like, My dads gonna die in 20 years! Youre all good, man. Youre with your dad right now. Its all good. Hes gonna go home and just hug his mom, Mom, the man said youre gonna die in 20 years! Im not saying all this stuff to make us sad, okay? Im saying it to hopefully inspire us to talk to these people, get to know em, right? ‘Cause when they pass, were the ones that tell their story, okay? You know, were their biographers. And Im sure theyre way more interesting than we give em credit for. So, next time were home, I challenge us all, sit down with these people, talk to em. You know? Sit down with your mom and say, You know what? Put away the phones and everything. I want to talk to you. I want to learn about your life. Tell me your story. And shell be touched. You look her in the eye and you ask her stuff. You go big. Say, So, Mom… You ever fuck a black guy? Why would you ask me something like that? Im just trying to learn about your life, I dont know. I just want to know things. Well, that seems like a very strange place to start! I dont know. Im trying. All right, it was 98, and the Bulls were in their prime. Um… Tyler, you can do that part if you want. Tyler, promise me youll do that. Will you do it? Will you do it? Will you do it? Will you do it? Yes! Mmm… Uh… I, uh… Im in a relationship right now. Yeah, a very wonderful woman. Uh, were an interracial couple. You know, most people dont care about that. But, uh… some people dont like it! We kind of get it on two fronts nowadays, you know? One front, we get kind of old-school, classic stuff, you know? Like, Yall dont match! And you also get kind of new school stuff, like, Aziz, youre in entertainment, you shouldnt be dating outside your ethnicity, especially a white person, cause that propagates ideas of white beauty being put on a pedestal! Which is just a fancy way of saying, Yall dont match! ‘Cause, look, man, I understand. I get the argument, okay? But Ive dated Indian people. Ive dated people of many ethnicities. But this is the person I have a deep connection with. Thats very hard to find. And Im sorry were not the same skin tone. But Im also kind of tired of people telling me what race person Im allowed to date. This has happened my entire life, you know? Even when I was a little kid. I remember being in first grade, every single kid in the class was white, except for me and this little Asian girl. And even back then, people used to be like, All right, Aziz! Whats going on with you and Christine Li, man? I see you two. Whats going on over there? Come on, man. You look weird. She looks weird… Lets do this! Then 20-odd years later, I get into show business, its the same thing, right? All right, Aziz, youre an Indian comedy actor… Mindy Kalings an Indian comedy actor. Whats going on-yam-yam-yam-yam? Uh… You know, uh, my girlfriend, shes Danish, so she doesnt even understand some of the racism we deal with sometimes. ‘Cause, you know, they dont have the same kind of racism in Denmark. Just culturally, its different, cause they dont have any other races. Just Danish people, and the closest thing theyve got to minorities is rye bread. So sometimes, Ive got to explain stuff to her, you know? And, okay, Im gonna do her voice for this next bit. This is not her voice, okay? Her… her accents a little tricky, cause shes lived in a few different parts of the world, so, Im just saying that cause I dont want to do this voice and people be like, Whoa, Aziz is dating some Mary Poppins-sounding motherfucker. Anyway, she comes up to me one day, she goes, Darling, I did something a bit naughty. Um, I went on some internet forums and I saw people have been posting paparazzi photos of us. And Im just wondering, why do these people think that my name is Becky? And I had to explain to her, No one thinks your names Becky. Thats just internet slang making fun of white girls. Like the Beyoncé song, Go call Becky with the good hair. Oh… so its kind of like a slur? Not that bad really, just calling me a different name. And then she opened up her umbrella and flew into the sky. One time… we were walking around in New York, right? And were just holding hands, minding our business. Dude just points at us, and he goes, Bet you get a lot of free taxi rides with that one! Oh! Before I could even say anything, my girlfriend just goes, Excuse me, sir. I pay for my fair share of the taxis, thank you very much! And then just started strutting like shed dominated the interaction. And… I didnt even get a chance to get angry at this guy cause I was so confused. And I was eventually like, Why did you say that? She goes, Well, this gentleman is clearly implying that Im dating you for your wealth and that I am some kind of gold digger. Thats what you think just happened? No. Hes making fun of me cause Im Indian. Hes saying that I drive a taxi. Hm, well, you dont drive a taxi. Ha-ha! No, he knows that. Hes just saying that… a lot of times you get in a cab, its a brown guy. Its a stereotype. Its a job Indian people have a lot. Mmm, well, a lot of Indian people are doctors as well. He couldve said, ‘Oh, bet you get a lot of free check-ups with that one. Uh… I guess technically, yes, but… why the fuck would he say that? Thats not… not really what hes going for here, okay? Hes trying to be demeaning, okay? Hes not trying to make fun of me for potentially being a doctor. Uh… Hes just saying, often you get in a cab, its a brown guy and hes Indian, okay? Hm, well, someone send him a memo, cause just cause someones brown doesnt mean theyre Indian. They could also be Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and many other… Yeah, he knows all this! Goddammit, Becky, this is what racism is. For birth control stuff, my girlfriend, uh, she has an IUD. Got some fans in the house! Whoo, I have one in my pussy, as well! Two people that are sitting pretty close together. Theres a little cluster. But, you know, my girlfriend has one, and shes very surprised that more people in America dont have the IUDs, cause theyre very popular in Europe. Here, not as much. Here, people are more into the pills. If you think about it, I get her confusion, cause the pills really are a crazy product, right? Pills are like you and your partner, Lisa and David, go to the doctor, youre like, Uh… Yes, um, were worried about pregnancy but we dont want to use condoms. Is there anything we can do? The doctors like, Yes. Ive got the perfect plan. Lisa, Im gonna give you this pill. This pill, uh… this pills gonna fuck you up. Its gonna put a bunch of hormones in your body, its gonna be weird, but I need you to take the pill every day at the same time, okay? Every day, same time. Dont forget. You forget even once, youll get pregnant today, okay? Every day, same time. Dont fuck this up, Lisa! All right, David, this is what youre gonna have to do. Nothing. I got you, dog, just go ahead. Drop it in. Have a good time. I dont even know why you came to the appointment. Youre adorable. Now, the way the IUD thing works… The way the IUD thing works is theres this little copper guy, and the doctor puts it in there very deep in a very painful procedure. And its got these strings on the outside so the doctor can take it out if you decide you want to have kids, or I guess after, like, seven years, it has to be replaced. And, uh, one time, were doing stuff, and I hit the string… with my penis. And… it hurt very badly. And, oh, man… Its hard to go back in there with that same level of enthusiasm… after an attack. Im trying to think of an analogy. Its like… Uh, lets say youre eating a bag of chips, right? And… everythings fine, right? Youre having the chips… Meh, eh, eh, eh. And then one time, you reach for a chip and… something bites your dick, right? And the next time you reach for the chips, youre not gonna be like, Eh… Youre gonna be like, Oh, hold on, dont move the bag. Im coming in. Dont move the bag! Its different. So, this eventually becomes a problem, right? And… my girlfriends like, We gotta do something. I dont like this. Maybe I should go back on the pills. Hey, whatever you want to do is fine with me. It doesnt really feel like my place to say, you know? And shes like, Yeah, I know, but I dont really like the pills. Im like, Why not? She goes, Ah, you know. You get very cranky, very moody, irritable. But I guess I could do it. And I was like, What? These are the two options? Either I risk penal bruising, or you just resign yourself to becoming this shittier person? Theres got to be another way. Sure enough… she goes to the doctor, finds out theres this brand new male IUD… And I got one put in. And now were all good. Yeah. So, the way this thing works… There is no male IUD! Look how excited people got! This lady in the front just pulled out her phone, Im calling to make an appointment for my boyfriend. What time do you open? Uh, eight oclock? Yeah, hell be there at 7:15. Lets go ahead and put two of those guys in there in case one of them breaks down, and, uh… Please, tuck those strings in nicely, I dont want anything poking my pussy. Uh, his name? Uh, its Dan Greenblatt. Thats right. Oh… Dan, glad you came out tonight. Im glad you all came out tonight. And… yeah. I really mean that. I really am very grateful you came, you know? ‘Cause, you know, Ive done a lot of shows in my career. At the end of the shows, Id always go, Good night. Thank you very much! But the truth is, I never really meant it. I was just saying that cause its what you say at the end of a show, right? I mean, sure, I was grateful. Im not a dick. But… I wasnt grateful enough. I didnt really think about what it means that all you guys came out. But now, when I see you guys here, it hits me in a different way. I think about what it means that all you guys, you drove down here, you waited in line. And you did all of this stuff just to hear me talk into a microphone for, like, an hour or so. And it means the world to me, cause… I saw the world… where I dont ever get to do this again. And… it almost felt like Id died. In a way… I did. That old Aziz who said, Oh, treat yo self, whatever, hes dead. But Im glad… cause that guy… was always looking forward… to whatever was next. Oh, am I gonna do another tour? Am I gonna do another season of the show? Blah, blah, blah. I dont think that way anymore. ‘Cause Ive realized… its all ephemeral. All that stuff… it can just go away… like this… And all we really have… is the moment were in… and the people were with. Now, I talked about my grandma earlier, and it was sad. But what I didnt tell you was the whole time when I was with her, she was smiling, she was laughing, she was there with me. She was present in a way no other people Ive been around recently have been. Ive tried to take that with me. And Granny, my grandma, doesnt have much choice in this matter. But I do. And thats how I choose to live, in the moment Im in with the people Im with. And right now, this is our moment, right? Me, you guys, Dan… Random lady that yelled, Funny! Young Tyler whos scarred for life. Its all of us. And this is our moment right now. So, you know what? Why dont we all just take it in for just a second? An on that, Ill say good night, and thank you very, very much. Thank you. ? Sometimes I feel so happy ? ? Sometimes I feel so sad ? Thank you very much, Brooklyn. I hope to see you again sometime. ? Sometimes I feel so happy ? ? But mostly you just make me mad ? ? Baby, you just make me mad ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Thought of you as my mountaintop ? ? Thought of you as my peak ? Thought of you as everything ? Ive had but couldnt keep ? ? Ive had but couldnt keep ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? If I could make the world as pure ? ? And strange as what I see ? ? Id put you in the mirror ? ? I put in front of me ? ? I put in front of me ? ? Skip a life completely ? ? Stuff it in a cup ? ? She said, Money is like us in time ? ? It lies but cant stand up ? ? Down for you is up ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? ? Linger on ? ? Your pale blue eyes ? 

MIKE EPPS@ONLY ONE MIKE@2019@? Washington D.C. are you ready? ? ? Its about to be off The Richter scale tonight ? ? Give it up for Mike Epps ? ? Give it up, give it up, give it up ? ? For Mike Epps ? ? Give it up, give it up… ? Whats up, D.C.? ? For Mike Epps ? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Dont slow down. Whats up, D.C.? Yeah. You motherfuckers! Where the sexy ladies at? Where the sexy ladies? ? If you got some good coochie And you know it, clap your hands ? ? If you got some good coochie And you know it, clap your hands ? ? If you got some good coochie And you know it and you wanna show it ? Meet me behind this curtain right here for about five minutes. I seen some guys clapping over there when I said that shit. Yeah, D.C. up in the house! Yeah, yall got some sexy ladies up in this motherfucker tonight. Yeah, theres a lot of ladies wearing them bodysuits on and aint got no body in here too. Youre looking like a wrestler around here. You see when them big girls get out the car, the whole car get up like… Wham! Fellas, brush your teeth before you suck a girls titties. Now, Im tired of it. You done let a raggedy mouth nigga lick your titties. Now your titties stink. Youre at work, dont know where you smell doo-doo at. Its your nipple, bitch! Fellas, cut your toenails. Youre trying to be sexy with a bitch and then cut her foot. Fellas, stop putting that Bigen in your hair, like these young girls cant tell you did. Aint yall tired of these old motherfuckers trying to trick yall? I went to see Ginuwine. By the time he got to Pony, I seen some black shit dripping right here. By the time he got to the end of the concert, he did a 360 and three Adidas stripes right here on his forehead. ? My whole life has changed ? ? Since youve been in… ? Motherfuckin hairline done changed too since weve been up here. All these sexy ladies. I like coming to D.C., looking at all these beautiful ladies sitting in the audience. Yeah. I go to some cities, its hard to look in the fucking audience. ‘Cause all the werewolves buy all the first front-row tickets. Three rows of werewolves right in a fucking row. And they in the front, Woo! Mike Epps! Im like, Howd these ugly ass bitches get front row seats like that? All the fine bitches in the back, Mike! Poorer than a motherfucker, Mike! Yeah, I was just in Arkansas. Shit! I dont know what the fuck. They aint drinking water down there. And two of the girls got backstage, they was like, What you doing after this? I said, Going to bed. Im not fucking neither one of yall. Security! Two circles is back here bothering me. Two Cheerios with legs and arms, is back here fucking with me right now. A grape and a marshmallow just left. Ladies, stop putting them eyelashes on your car. You want a motherfucker to respect you, but your car look like a ho. Your car riding around trying to give that pussy away, just blinking in the hood. nigga s be like, Man, Ill fuck that car when I get a chance. Yeah, women aint right. Theyll let you put your whole face in their ass and then say, You a nasty nigga. Youre like, Hey! Now youre riding home smelling your top lip, mad. You got a booty-hole mustache. Spitting out the window. I aint never did that. I seen it on Lifetime. I seen it… Shut up, motherfuckers! I seen it on the Lifetime channel. I aint gotta sit there and lie to yall. Yall looking at me like, Oh, you done had your face in an ass or two. Yeah, man. Shit. Its cold outside. Its cold as a hos heart outside. Hell, yeah. I seen Ice-T and Coco. Man, I love Ice-T. Ive been looking at Ice-T since six in the morning. You know what Im sayin? Im a big fan of Ice-T. I seen him in the airport with his girl. Hes like, Mike, we need to do a movie together. I said, All right. But in my mind I said, Man, they only give you two lines on Law & Order. Its fucked up how they do Ice-T. They done cut his ponytail and his lines. I seen him on there the other night. He came on there, Homicide called this morning, said three kids missing. I said, Goddamn. The man said two words on there, and then they cut him off. He leaned over a dead body the other night and said, Yep, thats him. I said, Oh, man. His ass is out of there. Yeah, theres a lot of old men in here cause theres a bunch of Chryslers outside. Theyve got Chryslers and Polars and Cordobas. Yeah, I can tell Im getting old cause I used to be able to piss from here to that wall right there. Now I pee on everything… toilet seat, floor, leg, foot, hand, wall. You know, the older you get, you get a built-in sprinkler system in your dick. The hole be open, but it come out five ways. Thats why I tell fellas, Youd better use your penisas much as you can cause its gonna die before you. Yeah, man, you keep living if you want to. You gonna be by your motherfucking self. Your dick gonna die, fellas. So if a woman get mad if you ask for some pussy, so fucking what! Im working on borrowed time down there. Yeah, tell her. Shit. And women tell each other. If your dick dont work, theyll tell another woman in the community, and the whole place… Yeah. And you can tell the women that heard about it because theyd be looking at you going like that, Huh! And you go, Hey, thats the third fucking woman that done said ‘huh to me. What the fuck is going on around here? You didnt say something, Barbara? Theres some old women running around and hate on each other, hate on other old men and shit. You be in the gym. You see them old men in the gym trying to still keep it together. Got their little cocoa butter on. I know yall seen them little old men walking around. Always got a saying. Life is not a rehearsal. Get your old ass… I aint seen you lift shit. And you know, other women come to the gym and they new, you know what I mean? Here come one of them hater old women. Woman talking about, Girl, thats a nice looking old man right there. And another woman walk up and say, Girl, you know his dick died two years ago? Yep. I read it in the paper. They said he beat it to death. Thats what they saying. I dont know. Thats what Im hearing. Yeah, shit. And, ladies, I know yall… Yall dont even understand. Yall pussy gonna live forever. Long live… Yeah, the pussy gonna live forever. I seen it on 60 Minutes. They said… Yeah, they said your pussy gonna live forever. Long live the pussy! But aint no guarantee its gonna look the same. Now, ladies, do not fucking panic. When you pull your pants down and see that little man from The Lord of the Rings down there. Hello, hello, hello. It is I, little precious. Look down there and see a catchers mitt and dont know what to… You think your pussy gonna look young forever like you? Cut it out. Its gonna age like you, ladies. I can tell Im getting old cause I was playing ball with some young dudes the other day, and somebody said, Get Old School. I said, Who the fuck you talkin to? They was talking to me. Age is a motherfucker, aint it? ‘Cause you be looking in the mirror like, I look good. And when you go outside, they go, You getting older than a motherfucker. I dont know what the fuck I seen this morning. Shit! I was playing ball with some young dudes. Man, we were playing and shit. They dont like playing with older guys cause older guys like me, you know what I mean, we dont play no defense til we hit a shot. Soon as we hit, Get back. Get back. Get your man. Get back. Man, get the fuck out of here. Thats your first fucking shot today. You telling a motherfucker to get back? You get your old ass back. Get back. Every now and then, I have celebrities come to my show, you know what I mean, support me. You know what I mean, whether I like them or not, but they be in the house. Ladies and gentlemen, give a round of applause… give a round of applause, lets clap it up. Donald Trump is here tonight, yall. nigga s are like, What? Where? Theres some white people in here like, Oh, God. For real? Serious? Hes here? I cant say nothing about his motherfucking ass right now cause I know he got somebody in here looking at me. Fuck you, whoevers in here working for Donald right now. Yeah, well, I wont be getting my cousin out of prison then. That nigga gonna kill me. Man, what the fuck you saying that shit for, man? I thought you was going to visit me, man! That motherfucking Kanye West fucked it up. He went to visit the motherfucker. He getting everybody out of jail. You know everybody in prison been calling me, Man, you gonna go holler at Trump, man, or what? Man, I cant go stand with him. It look like Im standing with the feds. Yeah, Donald Trump, man. That motherfucker wouldnt… He wont even… Yall think he down there right now. He aint even in that house. He dont live in that house. You know why? ‘Cause there was a brother living in there. And he be damned if he gonna move in behind a brother. I aint moving in there behind him. They said he called Obama. He said, I did a walk-through. You left your wave cap in the bathroom. Whose Hot and Flamin Cheetos is in the refrigerator? Its a German Shepherd tied up on the side of the house. Whose Cadillac on bricks is in the backyard? Yeah, man. Obama, man. Thats a real motherfucker right there. Hey, man. I miss Obama, man. I miss Obama. He back smoking and everything again. I done see him. I seen him the other night. Mike, whats up, man? ‘Cause thats how Obama look when he going to cop some weed. He be like this… Michelle be sitting in the car. When he get in the car. Michelle, Did ya get it? Lets go. Just ride. Just drive, drive, drive. I know the cops are around here. Lets get it and go. Smell it. Its good this time. Smell it. Smell it. Let me put it in my nuts. Yeah, Donald Trump, he mad, he mad, he mad. You know what I mean? He mad… You know what? I kind of figured it out. He probably got a little dick, you know what Im saying? Thatll make a man mad as a motherfucker. You walk around here, dick little. You aint servicin the women right. Thatll make you angry as a motherfucker. Ladies, next time you see a man thats mad and got a bunch of power, and youre like, Why is he so unhappy? Dick this big. Got little dick issues. Look at Obama, man. Humble, got a beautiful family. I aint no homo, but niggas dick probably hit the ground. Shit hit the ground. And yall know how humble Ive been throughout my career. Ive been humbler than a motherfucker. Yeah, yes, Ive been humble. And if you think Im lying, I aint gotta lie to you. This all me right here. Thats all me, Goddamn it. Im thinking a nigga playing with… Yeah, shit. Its crazy out here, man. Donald Trump, man, he cold. He told the Mexicans, Build a wall. Im tired of them coming over here. Build a wall right now. Mexicans says, Shit. Were not building no wall. Shit. No, were not building no wall. Gonna build a wall so we cant come back over here. Shit! You see they aint built it yet. I know they werent talking about black people building that motherfucker. Thatd have been a 30-year job. I can see brothers now, You know Im still down on the wall, right? Im still down there on the wall, man. I think Ive been down there, what? Thirteen years now or something like that. And I got my son on. My son working here now. Probably retire after another 20 years, man. If the white man build the wall, they gonna build it in a year. Why? ‘Cause they had a plan. Yeah. Its crazy, man. Shit. All these beautiful ladies out here. I come to D.C., man, to eat your motherfucking fish sandwiches and shit. Yall got it going on out here. Go-go music, fish sandwiches, Redskins, Wizards. Real pimping in D.C. They got the motherfucking, uh, Ethiopians and shit. If Ethiopians rob someone, they gonna say, Whatd he look like? Theyre gonna say, I dont know. His head was big. And his brother work at a car lot. He takes tickets at a parking… Aw, the Ethiopians is gonna fuck me up now. You talk shit. Them Ethiopians get mad if you call em something else. – Somalian? – No, Ethiopia. All yall motherfuckers got big ass heads. Sixty-five-inch flat-screen forehead. Thats why they always think Im Ethiopian. nigga, look at this motherfucking forehead right here. I got to go like this to make that hairline come down. How many women in here think they the best woman their man ever had? Keep it real. How many… Yeah, okay. Why? Why? She said, ‘Cause I seen the bitch. You seen… I seen that ho. You went backwards, nigga. Women will dog a man out for his past relationships. Theyll tell you in a minute, Im the best thing you ever had. Look how people treat you now. You seem more happier, is what everybody is saying. Aint that a bitch. You gonna take Gods credit, baby? We didnt know we was gonna meet yall ladies. If we knew we was gonna meet you, wed have told every woman before we met you, No, I cant fuck with you. I got a bad bitch waiting on me five years from now. And she gonna kill me for fucking with your ugly ass. Women dont like to apologize, do they, fellas? Tell the truth. Hell no! You know how women apologize. Im sorry. Let it go. I did it. Its over. Stop tripping. Its like, No, motherfucker. That shit aint going past that quick. We harping on this. ‘Cause when we do something, they dont let us forget a motherfucking thing. It be two years later, they on their period… Wanna go get something to eat? Go ask that bitch with the blue sweater on if she wanna… You still… That bitch is dead now. That bitch… Are you still talking about this bitch? This bitch is out of here now. And fellas, if you in a relationship, and you aint got no fucking money, and you live with a woman, you need to walk on fucking egg shells. Dont be walking around the fucking house doing what you want to do. You might get kicked out. Women be watching that shit. How comfortable your ass is, and you aint paid no fucking bills. Eating cereal and toast, twiddling and shit. Better walk around this motherfucker like this… Women be like, Yeah. Yeah, motherfucker. Check it in. ‘Cause thats fucked up when a woman kick you out and you aint got nowhere to go. And you just talking shit. Yeah, fuck this shit. I know what I am to this family. Shit! Talk that motherfucking shit to me. Fuck that shit. I know what I… Have you seen my, uh… My, uh… I aint seen shit, man. They see the kids and try to confide in em. Everything gonna be all right. Everything gonna be good. The kid is like, What? I aint upset about nothing. Whats… I love you. I love you! Get your ass out of here, man. You fuck around, go to work and come back, this nigga asleep on the couch. I thought you was gone. As soon as Earl get off work, Im outta here. If you kick a man out the house and you even say one thing remotely about like you care about him, he gonna start moving back in. Hows your mother doing? Oh. She doing pretty good. Yup. You know they had her in the hospital last week? But they said her blood pressure done rose up. Like, this niggas moved… Get your ass out of here, man. How you gonna move back in? Thats fucked up when a motherfucker leaves cause the kids really dont like yo ass. Unless some kids dont like no motherfucking boyfriend. You in there eating a snack, one comes in, My mother bought them for our lunch. Mama, Melvin here eating our snacks again! He on the phone with no shirt on, Man, let me get off the phone, man. Tripping off a cheese and cracker set, man, you know what I mean? I done ate one of his Lunchables and he upset. Soon as I get this settlement, Im out of there. I aint fucking with her or these little kids. Im the one that taught these little motherfuckers how to pray. They didnt even know how to pray when I moved in this house. The little girl was flunking. I got all her grades… Uh, here she come. I gotta call you back. Let me call you back. Youd better get a job, motherfucker. I got four daughters. I dont know what the fuck I did, wrong or right. Four daughters. Can you imagine? Oh, Lord. ‘Cause Ive been running around lying to women and cheating on em and shit my whole life. God said, I got something for you, nigga. Yeah. You know Gods from D.C., he said, I got something for you, slim. Got something for you, slim. Four daughters. No more skeeting on bitches backs for me, and none of that. Skeet on another bitchs back. I asked the doctor, What did I do wrong? He said, You got to stop fucking women with dress socks on, Mike. Walkin around butt naked with some dress socks on in the house. Yeah, its cool to have daughters, you know, cause you get to see your mother in them and shit. You see your mom. You like, Damn, girl, you remind me of my mama. You know what I mean? Get to see beautiful things when you got daughters, you know. But what fuck you up and make you mad is when they start dating. They start bringing little boys in the house. ‘Cause you dont know what the effect of having a daughter is until she bring a nigga in the house. My daughters been bringing all little boys in the house that look like me. I want to kill every last one of them. I said, If you anything like I was, Im gonna fuck you up. Theres one. I really want to fuck him up. He be walking around looking at me. Ha, ha, ha. This little fucking tight pants ass little… nut-hugger. I be looking at him going like this… Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang. nigga! One night, I needed some weed. I couldnt find none. I called everybody. I said, Im gonna try something. He was sitting in there, I said, Hey, man, you smoke weed? He said, No, I dont smoke no weed. I knew he was lying. I said, Okay. And before I can get out the door, he said, I know who got it. I said, Oh, yeah? Yeah, I know who got it. I know who got it. I said, Is it good? He said, Its loud. I said, Go get it. Man, Im sitting there watching this little motherfucker. He walk out the back door and walk right back in the house. I said, Im gonna fuck… Im gonna slap the shit out of him, soon as I see him. I said, Hello. Who the fuck you think I am? He was like, What, OG? I got that. I said, Man, you had it on you. I said, Get your ass in here. ‘Cause I still wanted it. I wasnt gonna kick his ass out that house. As long as Ive been looking for this shit, I said, Get your ass in here, man. Man, the weed was so good. Ive been asking my daughter, Where your little friend at? I kind of like him. I liked him too much, I got a granddaughter now. That weed got a hold of her. But I see all you fellas running around, got sons. Yeah, thats cool. You know what I mean? Yall be bragging all in my face, teasing us and shit. Thats okay. One day, we gonna get our real love. Itll be later on in life. ‘Cause all you fellas that got sons, you nigga s is going to the nursing home. Im just putting it out there. ‘Cause I got a daddy. I want to put him in the motherfucker right now. You nigga s is going to the nursing home, man. All them football games and shit you done been to with him. He gonna trick you like hes taking you to get some ice cream. Butter pecan. Come on, Dad. Lets get in the car. Butter pecan, butter pecan. Come on, get in the car. Aw, yeah. Butter pecan, butter pecan. Gonna pull right up at that nursing home. This aint butter pecan. Get your ass out the car. Butter pecan! Get out the car. Butter pecan! I need to live my life, Daddy. Come on. You lived your life. Get in here. Yep. Im gonna live with one of my daughters when I get grown. Im gonna be living right in her front room. I have a big-ass bed laying right up in her front room. With all my medicines right here. Its going to be orange right by my bed, on both sides of the goddamn bed. And all her friends will come over. Im gonna act like Im sleeping, pull my dick out. All her friends gonna be running past like this… Hes a nasty ass nigga. Get your daddy, girl. Yeah, its fucked up. You know what I mean. ‘Cause I dont make all the best decisions in the world. You know, Im a little special. Can you tell? Yeah! Fuck whoever said, Yeah. Dont say no fucking yeah. Who the fuck said yeah over there? Somebody said, Yeah. I dont look fucking special, do I? Even with the suit on? Bitch, with the chain and all that? Thats cold, man. Yeah, Im a special-ed kid, you know what I mean. When women find out you in special-ed, they dont want to give you no pussy. If a woman find out that a man cant read, theyll say, Uh-uh. You might shoot a non-reading baby in me. Dont you shoot no dumb nigga up in here. The baby might not read, bitch, but I shoot money out these nuts. I shoot hundred dollar bills out these special-ed nuts. Yeah, Im a special, man. It took me years to come to grips, to be in that, you know what Im saying? ‘Cause I used to be embarrassed about it. You know, motherfuckers come around, get to using them big-ass words and shit. Thatll make a nigga walk away up out of that. You know? In a real conversation, they get to talking and shit. Man, I backs up out of there cause I cant relate to what they talking about. Im a special student and I never forget the day they came and got me out of a regular room and put me in there. Yeah, yall laughing, but that hurt me, that… man. I still is messed up behind this. Ill never forget the day they came and got me. It was raining. It was on a Wednesday. Look at the guys whove been to prison. Thats when they take you to prison. On a rainy Wednesday. Yeah, I was sitting in the motherfucking room, man, and the principal, the guidance counselor, and another teacher, they all walked in the room. I was like, Whats going on here? And they was scanning the room. They was trying to see who was in the room. They was looking at me and another dude. I told the other dude, They coming for you. He said, Uh-uh, theyre coming for you. They was walking all in between the motherfucking desks. Ready to come and get me. They said, You. Come here. I say, Oh, man. Thats cold. They was walking me down the hallway. I had my little lunch bucket, and they said, Right in this room right here. And I went in the room. I said, Wheres the kids? She said, This is it. It was six kids in there. I said, Man, this is a mistake. She said, No, there aint no mistake. You was in my folder this morning when I came into work. I said, This aint right. I said, Look at him and look at me. She said, He asleep right now. I told her, You go fuck yourself and call my mama right now. This is a mistake. See, the only way women find out you in them special classes, is if you go on a field trip with him. Dont go on no field trip with them kids. I never walked with the kids when we went on one. I walked with the teacher. Just in case somebody seen me with em… Im helping her with them. Im a monitor. I dont… Im not in there. There goes this one girl, No, you in there. ‘Cause you got a paper turkey with your name on it in there… Remember them paper turkeys? I went in there and snatched that motherfucking paper turkey off the wall so goddamn quick. I said, This is how these bitches is finding out Im in this class. Through these activities Im doing with you. Yall sitting up there laughing. Im telling the fucking truth. My mother going to see this and be like, He right. He… he… He aint lying. Yeah, its a cold world, man. You know what I mean? But we all got to get through the motherfucker any kind of way we can. You know what I mean? And thats fucked up, man, you know. Everything thats going on in the world, man. Thats cold, man. You know, Bill Cosby and shit. Ooh, that was cold. The bitches wait til he was a hundred and told on him. Thats the bad part. You know, I dont condone no man knocking bitches out like Floyd Mayweather with a pill. He was knocking them out, Bip! Get on the ground, bitch. Bip! Get on… Boop! Get on the ground. Foop. That Bill Cosby was funny doing that case, man. Shit. I liked when he was walking to court that time and did a… Remember? I said, What the fuck was that? He mustve thought he was gonna beat that case. He was like, Ah! In the beginning of the case, he couldnt see. You remember that? He was going to court like this… He thought he was gonna beat that motherfucker. That nigga was… Soon as they gave him that time, he was back like this again. I cant see now. I cant. Yall remember? I cant see. They said, Take that stick and tap your way in that room right there. Feel your way in that cell. You aint going to see this time, but you gonna feel it. Yeah, they did my man Bill Cosby. He in there lifting weights now. One of my partners is in there with him. They said Bill putting about 350 on the rack now. He gonna have a tattoo saying, Hey, hey, hey. Yeah, thats cold, man. They locked Bill Cosby up, man. You know, most of them was white women that did it. You know? All of them was white girls, and I tell brothers all the time, You fuck a white girl, and you wake up in the morning and shes crying, youre going to the penitentiary. Period. If its a black girl, you can give her 1,500. Dont ever do that shit again. You could have went down for this. Go ahead and get me some scratch-offs. Black women will come back 30 days later. I dont feel right. Hold on. I thought I gave you the money. Nope. I dont feel right. I thought about it, and I feel like I got short-changed. Them white bitches thats telling on Bill Cosby is getting money. Okay. Well, what? How much? Another… a… another… You know what you gave me last time. ‘Cause you might have this phone tapped. Give me that same thing… and I forget about everything. You know what it is. Bye. I aint finna give you shit. Theres a lot of sexy women around here, and they eating up all the coochie, fellas. Wed better get a hold of it, before they get it all. Leave some pussy on the plate for us, ladies. Fellas, weve gotta step our game up. ‘Cause these women come up on each other and put that soft tongue on each other. Women dont want a nigga licking them no more. Oh, nigga, you rough. Been smoking Backwoods all day. You gonna put a Backwood tongue on… Back up, man. Got my pussy smelling like a berry Backwood now. I was in a club. I seen a bad chick. I walked up talking to her. Here come Cleo from Set It Off. She already taken, my nigga. Im like, Who is this? I can see her nipples through this leather jacket. Anyway, I took both of them back to the room and fucked both of them. Yeah, knocked both of them down. It was the craziest experience in the world. Fuck a lesbian. Oh, my God! Feel like I robbed a bank or something. Like, Ooh! It was crazy. ‘Cause when I was banging the woman that was the regular woman, and I was hitting it, the lesbian was standing over there naked with her titties swinging, smoking weed, saying, Hit that shit, dog. Beat that pussy up. Im like, You shut up. You throwing me off. Old D.C., man. Its motherfuckin D.C. gangster around here, man. Shit. Yeah. See, thats what I like about D.C. Yall aint got no gangs, you know. Thats what I like about D.C. Dont fuck with no gangs. I tell kids all the time, Dont fucking ever join no association that aint got no motherfucking dental plans or none of that to it. Dont fuck around and join a gang, aint no benefits. I tried to be in a gang one time, you know. We had a gang called The Mad Dogs. See, yall from D.C. Its funny to yall. Ha-ha! The Mad Dogs. Youngun, its luncheon. Yeah, we was called The Mad Dogs. We had a dog on the back of our jacket. And we about to fight, we say… And one night, I was at the movie theater. I had this girl with me, and The Cobras… There was another gang called The Cobras. They had little blue jean jackets with snakes on the back of em. About 12 of them walked in the movie theater. I said, Oh, God. And they chased me. And I called the leader of The Mad Dog gang. His name was Fatso. Rest in peace. I said, Fatso, The Cobras got me up here. He said, Man, Im watching the kids right now. I said, This is some bullshit. Now, Im sitting up here watching a movie, and some niggas finna kill me, and youre watching the kids? Yeah, I aint doing nothing tonight, Mike. We all laid back tonight. So he said, Call Scooter. Scooter was supposed to be the shooter. I aint seen this nigga shoot nobody. I called Scooter. Hes telling me, My car running hot. I said, You know what? Fuck yall, all right? Im out of this gang. Im turning the jacket in. This is some bullshit. He gonna tell me, Let em get you, and well get em later. I said, No, I dont work like that. Gonna fucking let em get me and then… No! It dont fucking work like that. He said, Where are you now? I said, In the movie… Where they show the movie at. Up there with the projector, nigga. Yeah, its real, man, you know. Yeah. But God is good, man, you know. Thats why I dont like complaining, you know, cause… Thats one thing I dont never do. I dont never forget that God is around, you know. Dont ever forget God is good. And God is, you know… God is tired of a lot of people crying to him about bullshit. He is tired, man. He been working with people since the beginning of time, and hes tired. At the end of the night, the angels take all they wings off, and be just sitting around and… they talk about people that they blessed and stuff, and God coming over to roll, and say, Man, Im tired of everything. Can you believe a nigga asked me for some rims today? God is tired of everybody crying. You know what Im saying? He gonna tell everybody one day, Everybody throw your fucking problems on the ground. Im tired of it. And when you throw your problems on the ground, he gonna say, Now pick em up. And when everybody go pick their problems up, your shit gonna be gone. Somebody else gone took your shit and ran. Thatll make you appreciate your problems. You be crying every day about your shit. Theres somebody else fucked up worse than you. You done threw all your problems. Youre looking for your problems. Where my problems at? And your buddy says, Somebody ran off with your shit, and left you theirs. Now you walking around like this. Has anybody seen my problems? Man, they left me with this shit. Thats how somebody with a bad hip spin around. Tony! Whats going on? Ladies, would you fuck a man that had a billion dollars like this? Tell the truth. Lying ass… Look, look. They said they will. Look at that. You be talking about, Girl, that walk is kind of cute that he got. You know when a nigga put Gucci on, itll take all that away. He got the new Gucci on. That nigga like, Yeah. I fell in love with a skeezer one time and didnt know it. Me too! You did too? Is that her you sitting with right there? Shit! He like this, Me too. Her breath over there, dicky as a motherfucker. Yeah, I fell in love with a motherfucking skeezer and didnt know it. I took her to a picnic, and everybody was laughing at me. I was like, What the fuck is so funny? nigga s was like, Oh, Mike. Oh. I was like, What? Nothing, man. Just do your thing. Do your thing, Mike. I was like, Something the fuck aint right. I told her, Come here. I need to talk to you. Is there something I need to know? She said, Mike, I wanted to tell you. I know everybody. Thats all I wanted to tell you. I said, Ive gotta go find me an old antibiotic in the house somewhere. Theres some old tetracycline up in there. Yeah, I love D.C. This aint the strip club city, though. They took me to… Whats it called? Live? Uh… Stadium! Stadium. Yeah. The Stadium. Yeah. They took me to the Stadium. Yeah, that was all right, you know. But theyve got some strip clubs in D.C. that dont even need to exist. Whats the name of that other one? They need to throw a bomb up in there and blow that motherfucker clean out. It is hazardous in there. Its unhealthy. The sanitation aint right. They got three shifts of women working in there, all related. Yeah. Daughter, momma and grandmama at this one strip club I go to. The daughter work grave shift. Yeah, eleven til seven in the morning. The momma work three til eleven. Aint playing nothing but Keith Sweat and Baby Bash and shit in there. The grandmama work during the day. Them old strippers work from ten to two. Them motherfuckers be out there… Old Margaret. Aint no music on. Price Is Right be on TV. Is this bitch dancing on top of me, talking about The Guiding Light, sponsored by Charmin, the quicker picker-upper.? She giving you a dance with Peoples Court on. These cases are real. I see why theres so much crime in yall city. The police aint shit. Not the ones in here. Thats my man and them. Yall police is nigga s, man. Them nigga s got dreadlocks and shit. Yo, shorty. What the fuck wrong with you, shorty? Driving a motherfucking car like that, shorty. You aint a police, man. ‘Cause if the police jump behind motherfucking nigga s, they call their mama. Mama, the police behind me. Oh, Lord. Where you at? They behind me. Oh, my God. Its time for your prayer, Corey. Remember what the prayer was? She tell your daddy, Ray, they got him. Them black daddies be glad you going to jail. Thats good enough for his ass. Let him go down there and clear shit up. This is good. He can go down there and get him a trade. Get that niggas ass out of this house. Sucking up all my heat and food. Let his ass go down there… and clear shit up. Your mother be, Oh, dont say that, Ray. Hes in school. That nigga aint in no school. Shit. Shell believe anything that nigga say. Hes a good son, Ray. The Mexicans get pulled over and aint got no license, registration or nothing. They be like this when the police pull up… Do you have license, registration? Yes. Did you hear what the fuck I just said? Yes. Do you understand English? Yes. Are you fucking with me? Yes. Do you know youre going to jail? Yes. Step out the car. No, no, no, no. Ah… no, no, no, no. Ah! White people get pulled over by the police, they get out and be talking to em. Hows everything going? What the fuck is this? They out there talking to each other. Theres a lot of old women in here, man. You know what I mean? I love that. I love to see grandmas and mamas and shit out here in the audience. You know, excuse my language. You know, but yall did some of the same shit we did. A lot of you, you only know your grandma as who she is now. You didnt meet her til she was 50. You dont know who the fuck she is. She just turned to God when you was born. Old women aint scared of shit. Thered be a rat in the house. Theyd be like, Go on, now. Did she just tell a rat to go on, now? And they dont be scared of no motherfucking burglars either. There be a burglar come in the house. Wheres the money at, bitch? Who are you supposed to be? Them grandmothers know about everything going on, and they aint never out their house. You ever noticed that? How in the fuck do old people know about everything? They know about who got shot and everything. Know that one boy got shot, and they said Tony did it. This is what I heard now. And they on Instagram. You think they dont see you posting them naked pictures on Instagram? Therell be a family gathering and grandmotherll pull you out. Come here. I want to talk to you for a minute. Whats this shit I heard, you done showed your puss on a computer? I try to support black people, man. You know. I try to support black people as much as I can. You know what Im saying? Its not fucking easy. Yeah. Its hard as a motherfucker supporting black people, you know. I try to support this black dude, one of my partners. He got a haunted house, you know. Hes a street dude. nigga done just got out of prison, and he got a haunted house. Mike, bring your kids to the haunted house. Oh, whats this nigga doing with a haunted house? In Detroit, too. Aint that a bitch? And in the back of the haunted house is a halfway house. Everybody just… Yeah. Everybody that just got out of prison is working as monsters… in the haunted house. When I walk my kids in there, they was like, Something aint right. And I aint never seen monsters as cool as these nigga s. Prison nigga s in there as monsters. So the first monster come out like this… Roar! Roar. Im like, What kind of monster nigga is this? He noticed it was me. He was like, Mike Epp! nigga, you know I just came home? I just did 15, right. They got a nigga with this monster shit on, you know? Its all right, though. Know what I mean? nigga gotta do what a nigga gotta do, Mike. Let me finish scaring yall. I said, Move, man. The kids aint scared no more. You done showed them your face and told them how much time you did. Its over. We walk in the other room. Its a dude rolling weed. This nigga turned around… I said, nigga, it is over. They done see you rolling weed. Aint nobody scared. He tried to get me to work at the fucking haunted house. True story, man. There was some kids trapped in a fire. This is some real shit Im talking about. There was some kids trapped in a fire. The fire was so fucking bad that the fire department came and said, Man, we cant save the kids. Hurt my fucking heart. I mean, the whole neighborhood was crying. Its some real shit. Motherfuckers was on their knees, crying and shit. So the neighborhood… The thugs in the neighborhood was like, Okay, motherfuckers. Yall dont wanna go in there and do your job? If yall dont go in there and get them kids, we gonna light yalls ass on fire up out here. So the fire department got scared and called the police. Police and the SWAT team came down. They about to fight the whole neighborhood. Man, here come a dude named Shoo-Poo. He walking down the street. He done broke in everybodys house. You can tell he a crim… He walked around with hospital scrubs on all the time. nigga walking round… And seen all the commotion and said, Whats happening? They said, Man, theres some kids in there and the fire department wont go in there and get them. He said, What? He said, Yeah. He said, Fuck that. Thats some bullshit. He took his shoes off. The police said, Youd better not go in there. He said, Fuck you. They tried to grab him, and he ducked up under them, and went in the house. Whole neighborhood was quiet cause they thought he was going in there and he was gonna die. Nine minutes later, came out of house with all three of them kids. Lay them in the grass. Made the police and the fire department look like shit. He said, Fuck that. Theres some more people in there. They said, No, it aint. He said, Yes, it is. And he ran in there again, and they said, Oh, he a fool. Aint no more kids in there. This time, he was going in there to steal some shit. He sees some shit in there when he was getting them kids outta there. He said, Aint going to give me nothing. I better get me something now. Yeah, I love D.C., man, but… I know you brothers out here better go to work. Dont call in. ‘Cause yall got Mexicans out here now. And every time you call in, Hector call his little brother. Juan… Tyrone called in again today. He turned up last night too, late. Hes off again. Youre gonna get the job. See, I thought all Mexicans was just grass cutters, until I moved to L.A. You know, you look at the Mexicans. They always portray them as Dora the Explorer and all that shit. So youd think they straight run-overs. Man, I move to fucking L.A. Im in the Home Depot buying some nails, and a motherfucking Mexican just walked up and grabbed… I said, Hey, man. He say, Im getting… I say, These aint your… And he said, Fuck you. I said, Fuck you. So he left. I was like, Fuck that motherfucker, man. About an hour went past. I done pay for my shit. Im walking out the Home Depot, and I see ten Mexicans. But I didnt pay no attention. I was like, Fuck them. They aint into nothin. You know what I mean. Fuck that shit. Im pushing the cart, and I see another Mexican. But this aint no worker. He done jumped out that motherfucking brand-new Escalade 2019. Got a bald head. Tattoo on his whole face. He about six-three. And he jumped out the motherfucking car, man, and shut the door. I said, Oh, shit. Who is this? Had a Raiders jersey. I swear to God he had a Raiders jersey on. He was walking in between the cars like this… I said, Who in the fuck is this? He said, Hey, psst, come here. Im like, Who the fuck… Who are you talk… Thats what I said to myself. I didnt say it to him cause I was scared than a motherfucker. I know a killer when I see one. This the dude that be on Lockup: Raw and all that. ‘Cause you know everybody think they real until real walk up on em. You know, every nigga in here be talking about, Im gonna motherfuckin… til the real shit walk up. Youd be thinking about your kids and career and all that. Man, I got kids. You aint have no kids when you was in front of your girl telling her, Ill tear all them nigga s ass up. Man, my heart is beating, and hes walking towards me, says, You say something to my little nephew in there? A whole hour done went past. I done forgot who the fuck his nephew… I said, Who? Im thinking hes starting. Im like, Whos your nephew? He said, Paco, psst, come here. And the little dude named Paco, he came out of nowhere and said, Yeah, thats him right there. I was like, Oh, my God. This nigga done went and got some motherfuckers over some nails. They was finna fuck me up. This how I know God is real. And I got favor. He was walking towards me, and his bottom lip was shaking. But one of them stopped all of them and said, Hey. Thats fucking Day-Day. I was like, Yeah! Its me! I grew my hair out. You aint know it was me? They was like, Oh, Day-Day. Whats up, bro? Im in the parking lot for ten minutes, talking about 15… 30… ? Thirty-five… ? ? Forty… ? ? Forty-five, forty-seven ? The Mexicans just stand there dancing like this. Im Mike Epps. I love yall, D.C.

ADAM DEVINE@BEST TIME OF OUR LIVES@2019@[rock music playing] [indistinct chatter] Hey, man. How are you? [crowd cheering] Thank you. Lets do this. [man] Ladies and gentlemen, Adam Devine! [loud cheering] Hey, hows everybody doing? Thank you, thank you! Thank you! All right. Yeah! Thank you guys so much. Take a seat. Thank you, thank you. Oh, my, you guys got me jacked. [crowd whooping] Im fully juiced for this thing. Man, I am, Im so excited to be here. Thank you guys for having me. Im gonna have a blast tonight. We all are. [crowd cheers] Im so excited to be… I cant get that excited, though, cause Im an adult man now. [laughter] You know, you cant get that excited. They will lock you up. [laughter] You cant get little-kid-level, like, geeked, you know? [laughter] Remember when you were a kid and you would, like, open up a present, and you didnt have the vocabulary to say, like, Thank you so much, Mama. [laughter] Or however you guys talked, I dont know. I was kind of a weirdo. I said things like, Yeah, Mama. Thank you so much, Mama. You didnt have the vocabulary to say that, so you just went like… [laughter] You cannot make that face as an adult. They will lock your ass up. [chuckles] You cant do, like, adult-ass things like take your kid to school, drop them off, and be like, Enjoy your lunch today. [laughter] [whispers] I made it myself! Ham and cheese! They will have some questions about the quality of those meats, you know? I made that, like, little-kid-level excited face for, like, two months, as a child, I swear to you. My mom, uh, gave me a super bouncy ball for my birthday. You guys didnt have poor parents? Thats cool. Uh… -[Adam chuckles] -[laughter] She gave me this bouncy ball, right? And for like two months straight, I was just in my driveway like… Snatched it in midair. [chuckles] Thats a phrase you only use in your youth. Midair. Nothing is midair as an adult. Everything as a child is like, I caught it midair, Mom. It was soaring through the abyss, and I snatched midair. Midair, Mom, midair, midair, midair. My moms like, Jesus Christ. [laughter] Of course you caught it midair, honey. Because anything you catch in the air… [laughter] …would technically be midair. ‘Cause if you caught it on the ground, thatd be called picking it the fuck up, you idiot, you dumb little boy. -[laughter] – But kids– Whats cool is that kids are still getting that level of geeked, you know, theyre still getting fully geeked, right? Like, I was in this elevator not too long ago, no big deal, and, uh… [chuckles] Fuck stairs! Whos with me? -Stupid. Stupid. -[laughter] So Im in this elevator, and I was having a crappy day, cause Im an adult, right? So Im wearing these boots, and theyre the shitty, asshole, adult fabric of suede. And it was raining outside. So Im in this elevator, just defeated. Im just like, Oh, no, not my boots! Oh, my boots! You know? I wasnt verbalizing that, Im not an idiot. [laughter] Im not in an elevator alone going, Boots! [laughter] No! Not my boots! But I was thinking it, right? And… And so these kids come in, and theyre, like, 13, 14– Thats a weird age, right? Can we all agree that that is the worst age in the human existence? Because were like mutants at that age. You go from being, like, Look at this cute little kid, to having an 18-month period where youre just a human Transformer, where youre like… -[squeals] -[laughter] Ping, ping, ping! Its confusing, right? Its weird for girls, obviously. Obviously, you know? But its also weird for dudes. Remember how weird, like, eighth grade was? That was a confusing time, right? Remember as a guy, your voice would change suddenly just overnight, like, one day youre like… [in high voice] Wanna go play some kickball? [in regular voice] And then the very next day, youre like, Fuck kickball, motherfucker! [laughter] Im trying to get laid. Pass the Hennessy. [laughter] Daddys trying to… You guys… You guys remember middle school, right? Another… Another weird thing about being a 13, 14-year-old, for– as a guy, is like, a lot of people dont realize this, but if you have a 13 or 14-year-old in your life, there is a 100% chance that their dick is hard 100% of the time. Constantly. And its not always sexual, you know? Sometimes, yeah, it is, you know. [chuckles] But not always. I remember one time, like, a gust of wind hit me just right. [laughter] Just a sexy, sexy gust, just… [laughter] Just someone slammed a car door. It was the month of August. I remember the heat coming off that car door. Just the… [imitates wind blowing] Just hit the nape of my neck just right. Just… [imitates wind] -And I was like… [screams] -[laughter] That was confusing, you know? I dont know about you pervs, but I didnt have sex at 13 or 14. Or 15 or 16 or 17 or most of 18, you know? [laughter] Im a late bloomer. So suddenly, I just got an erection from the wind. Thats a confusing moment in a young mans life. I was like… [laughter] Do I want to fuck the wind? [laughter] Am I wind-sexual? What does this mean? You know? Wind-sexual, so stupid. [chuckles] That could be, like… Everythings so weird nowadays that that could be a real thing. Like if you saw on CNN, youre like, Wind-sexualism is sweeping the nation, youd be like, Yeah, makes sense. [chuckles] How weird– Itd be so weird and confusing to be like the dad of a 16-year-old boy right now, cause your son could legitimately come out to you and be like, Dad, can I speak with you? And youre like, Youre gay. And Im perfectly okay with that. Thats fine for me. And he goes, No. Mm. [laughter] No, thats weird that you put that on me. No, Im not gay. But I am fully wind-sexual. [laughter] And you would have to go, like, -Yep. -[laughter] All right, lets get the posterboard and markers out. We gotta march about this shit. [laughter] Between your sister wanting to piss standing up and you wanting to fuck the wind, we gotta march every goddamn weekend! [laughter] I remember when I took you to soccer practice. Its okay. Theres a ton of kids just on a bluff just trying to fuck the wind. [laughter, cheers] Trying to catch a good gust. [chuckles] Its El Niño season. We gotta get out there! Stupid. What was I talking about? Weed, man, its legal in California. -[cheering] -Oh, you guys like weed? Thats cool. Yeah, these girls, theyre getting in the elevator, right? Theyre coming in the elevator. Theyre 13, 14. Thats a weird age for girls, cause girls grow so quick, right? Thats why you always see a pack of girls, theyll be a bunch of little girls and then like one girl thats, like, three and a half feet taller than them. Shes just… [squealing] You know? They always look like theyre, like– grew that far just that afternoon. Like, they grew three and a half feet, just like, Whats happening? [squealing] You know? Thats what was happening. She was gigantic, one girl that was coming in the elevator, she was, like, my size, like, 62", 63", you know? [laughter] [laughter continues] [chuckles] You cant tell how big I am. Im on stage, you know? So she comes in the elevator just all gigantic, and her friend comes in, and she has a mouth full of braces, you know, and she still looks like a little girl. You can tell shes pissed her friends more developed, so shes like, Get in the fucking elevator, Becky. [laughter] Ooh, with your ‘new boobs. Complain about your back one more time, bitch. Meanwhile, Beckys like, Everything hurts! [screams] You know? And Im in the elevator going, Not my boots! You know? But they were having the best time. The one little girls telling a story. She was like, Oh, my God! [laughter] Oh, my God! And her friends losing her mind, her friends like… [laughter] And Im like, Oh, shit. The youths are about to teach me something. This is gonna turn my whole shitty, adult-ass day right around. And she goes, We were running… We were running… And Im like, Yeah? And then what happened? And she goes, We were running. Im like, You said that, bitch, whats up? [laughter] And she goes, And there was that puddle… That was it, that was the end of her story. [laughter] Her friend lost her fucking mind. Her friend was like… [screaming] And Im like, Oh, shit, that right there is the difference between being an adult and being a child. Because as an adult, that story fucking sucked. [laughter] That was a dog shit story. But as a child, that might have been elite-level storytelling for that crew. ‘Cause she wasrunning. There was that puddle. Ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha. [laughter] Quite the epic adventure. I was also running. There was also that puddle. It ruined my fucking boots. [laughter] And it got me thinking, like, Man. Its so hard to have that level of a good time. Like you guys tomorrow are going to go to work, and your friends are like, How was the show? Youre not gonna go like… [laughter] No one at home is gonna be like, Yeah, you know what… Your spouse or whoever comes in the room, and its like, How was his stand-up special? And youre like… [laughter] It just wont happen. Like, were adults, weve seen some shit. Some weird stuffll have to go down in order for us to lose our minds like that. Right? A ton of hot chicks would have to come running in with pistols drawn, like, Freeze! And were all like… [gasps] And they go, Just kidding. Were going to suck your dicks. [laughter] And were all like… [laughter and applause] Stupid. Seeing some womens faces over here, like, Thats not the best time of my life. [laughter] That actually sounds like a fucking nightmare. [laughter] Admittedly, that is a more dude-centric best time… of your life. Thatd be pretty depressing, if youre female, thats where you peak. [laughter] Thats your best time of your life? Youre, like, on your deathbed talking to your kid. Your kids like, Mom, like, when was the best time of your life? You have a shitty kid. Mom… [laughter] Youre dying, I guess? I dunno. Like, when was the best time of your life? And youre all old and shit, so youre like, Well… [laughter] [chuckles] Why is that, you hit, like, 85 years old, no muscle control your mouth anymore, youre like… Sorry about this. [laughter] [cheering] I got… I got it. Well, I was at a comedy show. The little one from Workaholics and Pitch Perfect was onstage. [loud cheering] And other movies and TV shows, but I dont want to go down the list. Halfway through the little guys set, a ton of hot chicks came running in, with pistols drawn, and started blowing your dad! [laughter] Best time of my life! [laughter] Your kidll be like, Im pulling the plug. Thats just depressing. We didnt march for that shit, Mom. Stupid. The best would be watching every dude in here whos on a date act like theyre not having the best time of their life. Be like, Ah! What, babe? Shes got a gun! [laughter] We must listen to the assailants. Ah, no! Not the whole thing! What? [laughter] This is torture. No, no! Anything but the balls! Aah! No, dont put a finger in… [laughter] Stupid. [Adam laughs] That would be the conversation on the car ride home, too. It wouldnt be like, Oh, my God. We were just held up at gunpoint. That was insane. I saw my life flash before my eyes. It wouldnt be that at all. Itd be like, Dont put a finger in your ass? [laughter] What the fuck, Chad? [laughter] Chad would be like, What, babe, I saved your life. [laughter] Im a hero, babe. Id do it again. I dont care. I would do it again. Hes walking like that cause of the finger, you know. [laughter] Thats how stupid guys are, too, like, if it was Victoria Secret models that ran in here with guns, every dude in here would be like, Lets hear em out. [laughter] [chuckles] Possible blowjob situation might unfold. Not me. Im running. Im a bitch. I know that about myself. I was recently in a bar fight. -I was in a bar, and… -[laughter] Im not gonna lie to you guys. We have a rapport. I was in a bar, and a fight broke out. Man… I ran away so quickly. Like, aerodynamically fast. Like, head down, arms back, like… [screams] Gotta get away! [laughter] It sucks, cause I get recognized, you know? I cant run away like a bitch anymore, like the good old days. I dont want to be a meme the next day that just says, Adam Devine, bitch made. [laughter] You cant run away from fights like you used to. Used to be able to get out of there. Now everyone has a phone connected to the internet on it. Right? Next time youre at a bar and a fight breaks out, watch, theres gonna be five dudes who are gonna act like theyre gonna join the fight and absolutely wont. Like, a fight breaks out, and theyre like, Oh, shit. [laughter] Throwing kicks and punches from 35 feet away. [laughter] I dont know how none of those landed. How come people that are about to start a fight suddenly lose their sense of hearing? You noticed this phenomenon? Whatd you say? [laughter] What the fuck dyou say? Whatd you say? I cant hear you. Whatd you say? Thatd be a good way to get out of a fight, act like youre deaf. Nobodys gonna hit the deaf guy. Youre a fucking monster. He didnt hear you. [laughter] Youre a piece of shit, you hit the deaf guy. Youre like, Fuck this guy! And hes like, I couldnt hear you! I got a hearing aid, so I couldnt hear you! And youre like, Oh, shit. [laughter] Chad, Derek, lets roll. [laughter] He couldnt hear our qualms. If you beat up a deaf guy, you definitely have two friends in your crew named Chad and Derek. ‘Cause those are the two worst white guy names. I hope theres a Chad and Derek in here right now going, What the fuck, bro? [laughter] Derek, you listening to this shit? Dereks like, Whatd you say? And Im like… [yelps] [laughter] [chuckles] How come when someones really loud, thats not scary or intimidating, right? [whispers] Its when they get quiet. Thats when it gets weird, right? Youre at a party, somebody bumps right into you, you spill a drink on yourself, youre like, Hey, man, fuck you. And that guy goes, No! Fuck you! Youre not scared. Youre like, Oh, hes obviously a crankhead. I just wont move. [laughter] Crankheads are like T. rexes in that respect. Hell be like, Fuck you! And youre like… And hes like, …you… [laughter] [Adam squeals] Must find more crank! You know? Thats the best T. rex impression youre gonna hear tonight. [crowd cheering] Its when they quiet, right? Thats when shit gets weird. Like, somebody bumps you, youre like, Hey, fuck you. And that guy just goes… [shuddering] [wavering moan] [moaning continues] [whispers] No. [laughter] [whispers] Fuck you. Youre gonna be like, Holy shit, grab your things. This guys gonna shank us. What is wrong with this man? Stupid. Lets get political, guys. Global warming, where do we stand? [laughter] Yeah. Fuck the coasts, right? Time for Omaha, Nebraska to get some beachfront property. Whos with me? [cheering] I like how you guys all just applauded about mass death to half the… [chuckles] Fuck it, let em drown. Cool, guys. I cant wait to go vacation somewhere tropical, like the Arctic. Just recline on my beach chair and slightly move my Corona to block the view of a polar bear drowning. [laughter] [screeching] [laughter] [whispers] Relax. [giggles] Stupid. Man, its so good to be here, guys. Thanks for coming out. [cheering] I put a lot of thought into this special, of what Im gonna wear. I went with, uh, what I wear every day, so… Part of me wanted to wear a cape… just at the punchline so I could do shit like… [crowd whoops] I wanted to wear a cape so that, like, uh, when you guys are, like– youre here and youre like, Man, hes wearing a cape, thats funny, hes definitely gonna talk about the cape. And then 20 minutes in, youre like, I guess hes closing on the cape stuff? [laughter] Then at the end of the show when youre driving home, youre like, Fuck that guy, I hate him. Hes stupid. That was a fashion choice. I hate that man. I actually did use to wear a cape, which is a little embarrassing, but whatever. Theres 2,500 of us, lets get intimate. I used to wear a cape. I was, like, deep into magic as a kid, you know? [cheering] Yeah. [stammers] You know, I was 26 and deep into magic. [laughter] I was like seven years old and I was deep into magic. I didnt know any, like, tricks or spells or whatever. I called them ta-dahs? cause I was an idiot. I didnt know any ta-dahs. One of my big ta-dah would just be me putting earthworms on the sidewalk and being like, How did they get there? [laughter] Ta-dah! My friends are like, Youre covered in mud. Obviously you dug them up. Youre horrible at this. Just wash your hands. My other big ta-dah would be Id leap out of the hallway closet and scare the shit out of my dad, while wearing a cape. But I did it every day. So he, like, knew it was coming. Id be me at the top of the stairs going, Papa… I was a weird kid, remember? Papa, Ive fallen at the base of the stairs again. Right next to the hallway closet. Ah, help me. And hes like, Jesus Christ. [laughter] She shouldnt have drank when she had him. [laughter] We didnt know, it was the 80s, you know? Im hiding in the closet, hed come around, hes like, Where are you? Itd just be me leaping out of the closet, like, poof, Ta-dah! [panting] You know. ‘Cause I was a fat kid. [laughter] That was a lot of exertion for me. Ta-dah! [panting] That was right around the time that my dad told me that magic was for the gays. [laughter] Yeah, kind of a bigoted thing to say, right, guys? Oh, really? You guys dont have bigoted dads here? [laughter] -Hmm! -[applause] Not buying it. [chuckles] My dad heard me say that, he was like, Im not a bigot. Im like, Hm. Little bit, little bit you are. [laughter] Just a little bit. He was like, How could I be a bigot? I got a black friend at work. [laughter] Black Craig. And I go… Well, that is a bigoted thing to say. Im sure Craig doesnt like to be called ‘Black Craig.' [laughter] Doesnt call you ‘White Dennis, you know? Just calls you the fucking asshole from work. So I remember one time, like, as an adult, I look back at my youth, and I remember my dad being bigoted, but as a kid, I was like… I didnt notice it, you know? And so were in this grocery store, and we see this dude who, as an adult I pegged as a pretty flamboyant gay man, right? But as a child, Im like, This guy looks like he knows how to dance. [laughter] And my dad sees this same man, and hes like… [groans in disgust] Like, butt cheeks just clenched. Like… [groans] And Im like, Whatever do you mean, Papa? [laughter] And he goes, Jesus. First of all, my dad is the type of dude that thinks every gay man is, like, out to fuck him. You know? [laughter] And you guys dont know what my dad looks like, but, uh… Theyre not, you know? [laughter] Unless there into some very specific kinky shit. Theyre like, The rougher the hands, the better, you know? Which I dont think is the case. So my dad sees this man, hes like, Eee! Jesus Christ! And he goes, Look at this fairy over there. Yeah. And Im a seven-year-old boy. Who loves magic. [laughter] I hear the word fairy and lose my fucking mind. Im like… [in high voice] Theres a fairy over there? [laughter] Where? Sprinkle your pixie dust upon me, fairy. I want to fly. [laughter] And my dads like, Dont let him sprinkle the pixie dust! Whatever you do, dont let him sprinkle the pixie dust. ‘Cause he thinks its… [laughter] …jizz, you know? [laughter] Stupid. [laughs] This is definitely a big enough crowd that theres one person in here that read the poster wrong and thought Adam Levine from Maroon 5 was performing… [laughter] …stand-up comedy for the first time. I know thats gonna happen on Netflix. Someones gonna be sitting at home going, What the fuck is this? [laughter] He looks horrible. [laughter] Did he gain 40 pounds and lose 11 inches? He is atrocious looking. But Im assuming some of you guys know who I am from TV and movies and stuff. [crowd cheering] Thank you, man. Its cool, man. I get recognized a lot, which is pretty fun for the most part. I get, like, free beer. Thats why my face is so squishy now. [laughter] Thats one of the main things. If I go to, like, a Sbarros Italian Eatery… Its one of my favorite Italian eateries. Theres always a 16-year-old kid working behind the counter, going like, Get the fuck out of here! [laughter] You can have whatever you want, bro. I will go to prison for this shit! Im like, You dont need to go to prison. I can… Actually, yeah, you might need to serve some time. Give it to me. Meanwhile, if I go into a Jamba Juice, theyre like, Get the fuck out of here. You broke up with Haley on Modern Family. Youre dead to us. [laughter] Bye-bye, bitch, no immunity boost for you. But its weird getting recognized, cause no ones ever cool when they recognize a celebrity. Everyones always like… [shrieks] Youre the guy, the guy from the thing! You know? And Im– Im no better. I ran into Will Smith at this party, and I dont go to those parties very often, but, uh, I was at this party, and Im looking for cocktail shrimp. And Im like, On the hunt for the cocktail shrimp. Mmm. Gotta get me some cocktail shrimp. And just suddenly, it was just… Just ran into the top part of Will Smiths dick. [laughter] And, man, I was not cool at all. In fact, I was the opposite of cool. I was kind of racist cause I went, Morpheus! [laughter] Thats not who he is at all. That is Laurence Fishburne, a completely different actor, but thats how, like, geeked I was, you know? He was like, Yeah, man, okay. This is an impression of anyone when they recognize me. No ones ever that cool. Yeah, t hats about my size. And… This is… Everybodys always like, Shit, is that that fucking guy? Is that that fucking guy right there? No, no, Ill be cool, Ill check it out. [laughter] [sniffs loudly] [laughter] Its not him, hes too fat. [laughter and applause] That is not him. That is not that man. [crowd cheering] Its weird getting recognized, man, it is. The first time it happened, it was like the scariest moment of my life, cause I didnt expect it,  you know? Like, uh, first of all, I didnt get recognized right away like Blake from Workaholics. It was episode two or three, Blake got recognized cause hes got that amazing head of hair, you know? Yeah, yeah, Ders got recognized cause hes got those bodacious man titties. Theyre nice. They are nice. My little troll ass, not one. Im driving past local high schools, making eye contact with kids like… [laughter] This ring any bells? Nothing. Nothing. So when it finally happened, I was just like, Yeah! I was next-level geeked. and I was… It happened… I was at a stop light, you know? Which I stop at most times. Sometimes I dont. Im like, Fuck it, kill em all. But this time I stopped. And this dude comes walking past, and hes like… He wasnt walking like this, but he was cooler for the story. And he sees me and he just goes… Just dead inside. Just nothing happening behind the eyes, just like… [laughter] Like, I thought he was sent from the future to murder me. Like, Workaholics had ruined the youth of America, and this is the time traveler theyve sent to end me. But he wasnt a time traveler. He was a regular person, and he goes, Adam! [laughter] Adam! And I didnt know what to do, you know, because… thats my name, and so I was excited, and I didnt know what to do, and I just did what came naturally to me, and evidently what comes naturally to me is the douchiest shit in the world because I went… [laughter] And then… Double backwards peace sign? That is elite-level douche maneuver. But then I literally said, Im getting recognized! And then started driving a motorcycle. Im sitting in my car and I went… [laughter] This man looked right at me and goes, You got a tight butthole, man. [laughter] Your butthole is the tightest. And he walked away, and I drove away feeling good. Just ego boosted. Until I realized he didnt use it in the proper context. First of all, Im seeing some Pitch Perfect fans in here -that are looking at me like, Why is… -[crowd cheering] Yeah. Why is he screaming about buttholes? Well, let me explain. On my show Workaholics, which we did for seven seasons on Comedy Central… [cheering] Thank you. Uh-oh. Went fishing for a compliment, caught one. And so on my show, when something is good or cool, it is… -[crowd] Tight butthole. -Tight butthole. And when its not cool or good it is… -[crowd] Loose butthole. -…loose butthole. I feel like a deranged 4th grade teacher. [laughter] Very good, class. Four gold buttholes. [laughter] Chad, Derek, you got that one right. I know my buttholes. Really boils down to Im a nine-year-old who wrote his own TV show. Im like, Buttholes are funny. [laughter] Heres the script. This is just sevens and question marks. We cannot use this. Well improv it. Buttholes. You know. But this guy didnt say it in the proper context, right? He didnt say, Youre being tight butthole, or You are tight butthole. He screamed… in a busy intersection… You got a tight butthole, man! [laughter] Your butthole is the tightest! And I didnt do anything to negate the fact that this man… knows the actual size… of my asshole. In fact, I went… [laughter] Im getting recognized. I wish I could meet someone who was in that crosswalk that day who had just moved to Los Angeles, called their parents that night and was like, Holy shit. [laughter] LA really is the most progressive city in America. The gays are just out here screaming about butthole sizes. [laughter] Stupid. Pitch Perfect was a weird one for me, too, man, I swear to you, because as weve established, Im a wee bit of a stoner. So… Yeah, weed, cool, all right. -Yeah, weed? All right. -[cheering] So I didnt fully read the body of the email, I just read the subject line. It said Pitch Perfect. Im like, Cool, baseball movie. Put me in, coach. [laughter] I showed up to this audition like a true asshole. I was in baseball pants doing stretches in the parking lot, practicing ground balls, just… I walk in the audition– I swear to you, I walk in the audition. Theres all these, like, cool-ass dudes. Hollywood is, like, a weird place, cause everyones, like, the better-looking version of you. Theyre looking for a type, and you walk in and theres a bunch of Taylor Lautner-looking motherfuckers. How come cool guys look like they had some shit thrown in their eyes? You know, they were totally normal when they walked in for the audition. Theyre like, Hey, whats up? Im here for the audition. Poof! [laughter] Whats up? Im here for the audition or whatever. Thats what was happening. Theres all these hot-ass dudes, and theyre singing. Theyre all going… [humming] Im like, Good luck singing in the baseball movie, pussy. [laughter] Ill be over here stretching. [laughter] So I go in the audition room, and I did the audition, and it went really well, and theyre like, What song did you prepare? And at that point in my career, all I knew about Hollywood is that No holds a lot of power. If you say no, you hold all the power. So, What song did you prepare? And Im like, I didnt prepare a song. Take it or leave it. [laughter] And they go, Leave it. Get the fuck out of here. Go away. And I go, I prepared a song. [laughter] Thats one of the many pranks Ill be playing on the set of Pitch Perfect, the singing movie. [laughter] Theyre like, So what song do you know thats just on the radio so we know you can carry a tune? And Im like, Yes, yes, yes, a radio hit. A current radio hit. Sure. Yes. And then the only song I was able to summon was this one that was on the radio, which was… ? Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass Ass, ass, ass ? ? Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass Ass, ass, ass ? ? Bounce ? ? Motherfucker hammer time ? [laughter] Remember that classic from eight years ago? They were like, Definitely not that song. [laughter] Definitely choose another song. Pick a song from your youth that you know a lot of the words to. And Im like, Ah, shit. What song do I pick? I dont know. The only song that I was able to grab from the deep, wrinkly parts of my back brain was this hit, which was… ? Whatever happened to predictability ? ? The milkman, the paperboy Evening TV ? -[cheering] -Which is the Full House theme song. And thats evidently exactly what they were looking for in the character of Bumper. [scatting end to Full House theme] -[crowd cheering] -[hums guitar riff] Stupid. [applause continues] Ive been, um… Ive been traveling all over, preparing to do this special, so Ive been doing stand-up all over. I did a college a few weeks ago. Theres a sign language woman on the side of the stage cause theres a deaf guy in the crowd. I dont know what this is, but… What if this is sign language? What if theres one deaf guy in the crowd going, Say it again, motherfucker! [laughter] You talk about my mama one more time. So I dont know much sign language, right? But I did learn one word, and in case you guys are wondering the word blowjob in sign language… Exactly what you think it is. [laughter] What? I felt bad. This woman was like my moms age. Shes like a 60-year-old woman. Shes like… [deep sigh] [laughter and applause] I felt bad, man, but not bad enough not to add that word to my act 85 times. Didnt even make any sense. I was just screaming it. I was like, Blowjob! Blowjob! Blowjob! [vocalizing] Im like, Its a carousel of blowjobs. Shes like, What does that even mean? [ululating] Im like, Whyre you tickling the balls, Carol? [laughter] Thats not part of the sign. What you doing after this, Carol? Whats good, girl? [laughter] This is a good-looking crowd, guys. -Not all of you. Not all of you. -[cheering] Theres some uggos out there. All right, man, some days I look so ugly. Ever wake up and youre just like, Did I drink acid last night? What happened? And Ive got a squishy, gummy face. Im gonna look hideous when Im older. Like, Im gonna look like a human Saint Bernard. Just like… [laughter] Just the droopy of skin. So, like,  I was having one of those days a few weeks ago, and I walked past this window to get food with my friends, and I catch my reflection in this window, and I look at myself and I go, You know what? You look like garbage. Time to give yourself a little ego boost. So I looked at myself and go, I would fuck that dude! And I walked away feeling good, ego boosted, until I realized, I felt good about that exchange. The guy working at that Wells Fargo… [laughter] …felt pretty weird about that. This little troll motherfucker from Pitch Perfect waddles up to his window. I would fuck that dude! I hope it boosted his ego. I hope hes like, Yeah. You hear that, Sharon? He would fuck this dude. I know, I know. Not at work. Times up, I get it. I have a girlfriend now. Thats a big thing in my life, guys. -Yeah. -[cheering] Yeah. Its been four years, but, you know. Im admitting it publicly now! [crowd whooping] [chuckling] Man, I hope we dont break up. Yeah. [stammers] Like, guys have a hard time admitting that shit publicly. Girls will do it right away. Youll be on like the third date and theyre like, This my man. Back away, bitch, get the fuck away, bitch. This is my man. Guysll be like a year and a half in and be like, Oh, yeah. I know her. [laughter] Yeah, no. Yes. Ive seen her around. Shes got that hair, right? Yeah. Yeah. Then your friend calls you out. Arent you living with her? [laughter] And youre like, Thats where Ive seen her around. Yeah. Thats right. The living room area. Correct. She does have that hair, though. That is true. I– I– I will never break up with her, ever. Not that we wont break up. Im assuming shell break up with me, you know. And thats what I want. I will never break up with a girl again, ever, never, never, ever. because if youve dated a girl for more than six months, all shes doing is collecting horrific data on you, to crush you, just decimate you if you ever break her heart. I broke up with this girl once and I had to be cold with it, you know? I was like, Hey, this is going nowhere. Just be cold, be strong, Adam. So Im like, Hey, you know what? Were done. Im sorry, but it has to end now. I think we should see other people. And without missing a beat, without missing one second, she goes, Youre getting fat, youre going bald, and your dick is whatever. [laughter] [shouts] Yeah! Those are the three things I care about in my life. [laughter] Going bald, getting fat, and my dick being whatever? Whatever dick? So I looked right at her and go, I am not… [laughter] …going bald. [applause and cheering] Those other things are debatable. Ill admit that. I had a girlfriend cheat on me once. Anybody have that? -[scattered applause] -Yeah, 2,000 people here, no one? Cool. You guys are like, It might be your whatever dick. Think about that, maybe? Maybe that had something to do with it? I cried in front of her. Oh, that is the most emasculating thing you could do. I– Why are you laughing? [laughter] Some mean bitch back there, like… [cackling] Weve caught another! [cackling] I cried in front of her. Thats the most emasculating thing you can have happen to you. I didnt allow her to see it, though, using the power of gravity. She was like, I slept with someone else. Im like, Whats that? [laughter] What do you mean, you slept with someone else? Explain yourself. Just trying to wiggle the tears back in my tear ducts. How I found out is I walked into the room, and she was crying. Thats a bitch move. You dont get to fuck someone else and keep all the boo-hoos. [laughter] All boo-hoos are mine in this scenario. I walk in the room, shes like… Mm-mm-mm… Mm-mm, no. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. No. You dont know her, but this is a really good impression that Im doing. No. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Im like, What happened? Did one of the Pretty Little Liars die? You love that show. And shes like… Fine, fuck it. [groans] [deep sigh] I slept with Kevin. And Im an idiot, so Im like, What do you mean, you slept with Kevin? You slept near him when you guys went on that trip– business trip together? And shes like, No, you fucking idiot, I fucked Kevin. And Im like, Aah! ‘Cause I know Kevin. Kevins nickname? Sweaty Kevin. [laughter] Thats not the guy you want to fuck your girl. You dont want a guy with a nickname that starts with Sweaty. You dont want Sweaty Kevin fucking her, you want Handsome Chris. Hemsworth. [laughter] If she fucked Chris Hemsworth, I wouldve proposed right then. This shits real. Okay. [laughter and applause] I wouldve told everyone for the rest of my life. Id be like, She fucked Chris Hemsworth. Now shes fucking me! [laughter] I wouldve told our kids. I wouldve been like, Your mom fucked Chris Hemsworth. Now shes fucking me! And our kids would be like, We know, Dad. Were 64" and blond. [crowd cheering] [in Australian accent] Youre delusional, mate. Were Australian. What the fuck? Stupid. Im glad I have a girlfriend, mostly cause I can watch Netflix with someone, and not catch an STD. Thats it. Right? Like, being able to watch Ozark with someone and not have an itchy crotch. Thats the one-two punch of being in a relationship. STDs are terrifying, right? You guys disagree? Thats cool. You guys are like, Theres some good ointments now, you can take care of most things. STDs are scary, right? Not so much the S and the T, really. [laughter] Mostly the D. Thats the scary shit, right? Disease. Uh-uh. Sexually transmitted just sounds like some cool electronic band from Germany playing on the third stage of Coachella at 5:00 a.m., with some weird bangs, whos like… [in German accent] Hello… Ve are Sexually Transmitted. [laughter] Ja! Super. Nein, nein, nein, nein, nein, nein, nein, nein! Youre like, These guys are good. Theyre from Germany! [laughter] Cant wait for song number ten! Disease, thats the scary shit, right? I think the best STD to have… Um… [clears throat] …would be the one I have. Know what Im saying? No, Adam, ew. Ew! No. I think the best STD to have, hear me out, would be crabs… ‘Cause they sound delicious, right? [laughter] Ive got crabs. Well, I have butter. Lets have a feast! [laughter] Wait, thats pubic lice? Never mind. Ill leave the butter at home. You know what? Im bringing the butter. Lets party tonight. Why not? Stupid. Why is it whenever youre at a party, whoever says theyre cool to drive is always the least coolest person to drive? Without fail. Like, if you drove somewhere, you should be able to drive home, right? Its like saying, like, I can tie my shoes. If you come in a room and say, I can tie my shoes, everyones like, Get this motherfucker some Velcro. He cannot handle the bunny ear situation on his tippy-toes. You know? Its always that person that passed out early at the party. If you took a nap at the party, youre not driving anywhere. Theres no naps allowed at the party. Its always on that decorative pillow your grandma gave you, with, like, the zippers and buttons. So when he wakes up, he looks like he got in a fucking knife fight in the 4th grade. Hes like… Comes in the room, youre like… Wherere you going? [slurring] Where you going? Does that thing every drunk person does when they open their eyes way too wide to seem not drunk, but then they look like a serial killer. Where theyre like… Where you going? Im cool to drive. Youre like, No, youre not, Chad. [laughter] I just saw you shadow boxing in the corner for 20 minutes. You just pissed in my laundry basket. Keep saying things that dont make any sense. The bitch took my Skittles. The sour ones! I love the sour ones! And youre like, I wont let you drive, man. Im a good friend. I wont do that to you. And then hes like, But were going to Taco Bell. And youre like, Lets go! [cheering and applause] Why is that? Why is that, like, the only food in American society that were willing to die for? Theres no other food. If its 3:00 a.m. and everyones wasted, and your friends like, Lets go get some chicken parm! Youre like, Shut the fuck up, Larry. [laughter] Im not gonna go eat chicken parmesan right now, you monster. No chicken parm right now, were wasted. But if hes like, Beef and Bean Chalupa! Youre like, Slit my wrist right now. I will die for this shit. Cheesy Gordita Crunch? Give me the noose! [cheering] I enjoy a party, guys, as you can tell by my extra neck fat. I do, man. It was just my birthday a few days ago, guys. -Yeah. -[cheering] Yeah, I just turned 35 years old. [cheering] Yeah, okay. Give it up for your mid-thirties, I guess. Its a shitty age. ‘Cause I still party, but Im friends with my friends from high school, who have real jobs. They have kids and mortgages and real lives, and Im like, Hey, what are we doing for my birthday? And theyre like, Your mid-week 35th-year-old birthday? Absolutely nothing, you Peter Pan motherfucker. [laughter] Were not doing anything for your birthday. Its Daltons soccer practice… the next morning. Im happy too, man, because my friends used to try to murder me on my birthdays. Twenty-one was the scariest day of my life. I feel like girls are nicer their friends on their birthdays. Theyre like, Fuck it, bitch, lets do you, spa day, ah! Not guys. Guys are like, Are you ready to die tonight? You better call Mom and Dad, cause were taking you straight to Hell. You know? My friends tried to murder me. Theyre like, 21 shots, 21 minutes. Lets do this. Im like, Oh, that sounds dangerous. [laughter] But okay. Its always the grossest shots you ever want to take. Its never anything you enjoy drinking. So its like, Dude, its Cum in a Bathtub. Take it. [laughter] Its a Gorilla Ass Fart. Take it, take it. This is just homeless piss in Tabasco sauce. We call it the Spicy Leon. Take it, take it. Half hour later, I was curled in the fetal position, asking God for forgiveness. Thats when my friends decided to get me laid, too, which sounds like a good idea in theory. But my friends, I feel like most guys friends, secretly fucking hate me. So they got the biggest monster-truck, behemoth-Clydesdale mountain lady they could find, one with a mole with hair coming out of it that follows you around the room like Jesus eye in the painting in the spare room at Grandmas house, so you cant masturbate cause Jesus is staring at you. Know that painting? She put it up on purpose. Shes like, Not in my house. Like, Finally, some alone time, and Jesus is like… [laughter] They bring her to me. Theyre like, Hey, Adam, this is Denise. But we like to call her… [whispers] …Diesel. [laughter] She plays linebacker for the Rams. Enjoy. And I did. [chuckles] My friends are stupid, too. My friends always ask me dumb questions. My one buddy comes up to me and hes like, Bro, bro. Seriously, would you suck a dick for a million dollars? And Im like, Hmm… Why, do you know someone? [laughter] A million dollars? Thats such an insane question. First of all, 80% of everyone in here would be driving a Maserati the next day. Like, What, this? No, theres a deal at the dealership. Check it out. [laughter] [chuckles] I mean, what a dumb question to ask. Its not like theres some gay, eccentric billionaire out there with a cauldron of money. Just some creepy billionaire with just this cauldron whos like, Suck my dick! Suck my dick. Gather around boys, and tinier boys… to suck my dick. Theres a line a mile long of straight dudes, like, Fuck it. [laughter] Gotta pay off the student loans, you know? Chads definitely calling Derek, like, You hear about this shit? Whatd you say? And hes like, The blowjob thing. And hes like, Im wind-sexual. Im off that. [laughter] Stupid. I want to be rich. Im a little rich. Thank you guys for coming. Thank you for watching. [applause] Im not like super rich, though. I wanna be super rich. Im the type of rich that I can, like walk into a Chipotle… like, any burrito shop and then order extra chicken. And then when they say, Thatll be two more dollars, Im like, I dont give a fuck! [laughter] Im like, Extra chicken for everyone in this bitch! And theyre like, Thatll be $64. Im like, Extra chicken just for me! Thats my level. I was actually able to do something cool with my money recently. When I was 18 years old, I wrote my parents a check for a million dollars, and then in the memo I wrote, Cash it when you can. Then this past Christmas I was actually able to go home and take that check and fucking destroy it, you know? [laughter] ‘Cause now Im greedy. I got a little taste. ‘Cause I want to be, like, really rich. I want to be the type of rich I can have, like, real fun with my money. Right? Like to be able to go into a police station, say, Hey, cops, take a shit on the floor, then leave. [laughter] Just dropping wads of hundreds on the way out. Theyre like, I would arrest him, but this is too lucrative. I got bills to pay. I wanna be so rich that I can, like, line my pockets with jewels, diamonds, rubies, emeralds alike. When a homeless person asks me for change, I say, How about I change… your life! [laughter] Stupid. You guys are good laughers. I appreciate it. Thank you for laughing. Im always fearful that theres one prankster in the crowd, that when you guys were coming in, went up to everyone like, Hey, lets just not laugh the whole time. [laughter] Lets fuck with him, right? Youre good laughers. Thank you. I hate when people, uh, like, laugh when they dont mean it, cause we can always tell. Like, they think I need a little help, and theyre like… [forced laughter] Mm-mm. Not for me. This butthole stuffs disgusting. Mm-mm. Not for me. Not for me. Laugh if you think its funny. Dont if you dont. Thats how it works. My least favorite thing is when a person finds it funny, doesnt laugh, comments on the laughter. They say something like, Thats funny. [laughter] That is funny. Really? Then laugh, you piece of shit. [laughter] Laughters an uncontrollable thing, like screaming from pain. You dont get in a car accident, come out missing your arm and be like… [seething] Shucks, this hurts. [laughter] Shenanigans, Im gonna have to get this checked out. [Adam hums a tune] No, theyre like, Aah! My fucking arm is missing! Im missing my fucking arm! Blood, blood, tears, angst. This is what angst looks like, by the way. Spirit fingers. Cheerleaders are always in angst. The car wash didnt make any money. [laughter] Billy didnt talk to me. [whispers] Im not gonna eat today. [cheering] Hurkey! If you had no arms, would you wave like this? Im over here. Come this direction. Come this way. Chad! Derek! [laughter] I want to stop doing that joke. If you had no arms, would you wave like this? cause its… you know, its really stupid, but I cant cause I did a while ago at this theater, Madison Square Garden, heard of it? [cheering] No, it was a Chinese restaurant, but a nice one, you know? And it was like this, where, like, it was a theater, and I couldnt see the people in the background, you know, and at the punchline, where you guys laughed, cause were having the best time of our lives tonight, right, guys? [cheering] Hit it, girls. [laughter] No, not you guys. I hired some women with guns to come in and blow everybody, but… [laughter] Hard to find good help here evidently, but… At the punchline where you guys laughed, nobody laughed, and instead of laughing, one person goes… [booing] [booing continues] Took a breath… -…ooo! -[laughter] You know how much hate that is to go back for a second Oo? That is just unbridled hate, you know, have you ever second-booed your entire life? Never. So, you know, as a veteran comedian I was like… I ignored him, you know, cause Im tiny. [laughter] And I get out to the lobby area afterwards, probably… signing titties or whatever, and, uh… [laughter] [scattered cheering] No, no. Keep your titties in. You took too long. I get out to the lobby area and theres this dude there… -No arms. -[crowd exclaims] Right? How do you think I felt? It was goose-egg on the arm front. And he comes up to me like, Hey, man. Actually, he was like, Hey, man. [laughter] I was really offended by what you said up there. And Im like… [seething] Im sorry, I didnt mean to offend you. But now that Ive got you here… how do you wave? I dont know how he waved. That guy punched with his feet, Ill say that. I know a good way to get out of a fight. You guys can use this. Next time youre about to get in a fight, just be a little masochistic and a little erotic, and youll pull it off. You gotta be able to take one punch, okay? So you take the punch. And then you go… [moans] [moaning] [inhales sharply] [moans] Mm. Hit me again, big daddy. [laughter] Oh, that hurts so good. Hit me in my no-no zones. That dudell be like… Chad, Derek, get out of here. [laughter] Im gonna fuck this dude. Thats it from me. Thank you guys so much. You guys have been amazing. [cheering] [rock music playing] Thank you, guys. Cape me up, baby! [cheering] This is so stupid. Thank you guys so much! You guys really have been amazing! I love this place with all my heart! I love all you guys for coming out. Thank you. I love you. Goodnight! [cheering] [woman] You want a ham sandwich? [man] Yes!

JO KOY@COMIN IN HOT@2019@[announcer] Hawaii. Are you ready? [cheering and applause] Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Jo Koy! [Uproar plays] ? Five, four, three, two, I let one go ? ? Bow, get the fuck though I dont bluff, bro ? ? Aimin at your head like a buffalo ? ? You a roughneck, Im a cutthroat ? ? Youre a tough guy Thats enough jokes ? ? Then the sun die The night is young though ? ? The diamonds still shine ? Thats what Im talking about. Yes! Had to bring it to Hawaii, baby. [cheering] Aloha is real. If youre in a bad mood, just [whoosh], shoot them with some Aloha. [laughter] You guys are like Care Bears, it just comes out of your chests. [laughter] Someone having a bad day? [whoosh] [laughter] Oh, shit. People in Hawaii brag about shit that no one else brags about. [laughter] Thats real! ‘Cause you cher… you cherish the things that you have. Its yours. I love this, its mine, brother. [cheering] I had a guy walk up to me, he was like, Hey, brother, you see my… you see my brand new 2003 Toyota Tacoma? [laughter] Cherry, bro. Fucking cherry! [laughter] Lifted, bro. Lifted. Lifted, 2003! Brand new, 2003. [laughter] Toyota Tacoma. [laughter] You dont care, youre laid back. You live in paradise. You dont have time… Youre not uptight. You go out, Good, we go out. Dress nice. Okay, dress nice. [laughter] Nice outfit, Wheres my slipper? [laughter] Wheres my slipper? You guys will wear a slipper. Slipper! Always, Slipper. [laughter] Slipper. Fucking brand new outfit, Slipper. [laughter] No one outside of Hawaii knows what slipper… Ill tell you what slipper is. Its fucking, look… – Look, Slipper. – [laughter] Slipper, slipper, slipper. [cheering] Slipper, slipper, slipper, slipper. I dont even know why you wear it. Theyre barely on your fucking foot. [laughter] [laughter] Thats how you guys walk. [laughter] Slipper at the front of your foot. Youre not even… Its not even on your foot. You just, kick the slipper, step. Kick, step, kick slipper, step, kick slipper, step, kick… [laughter] You love the vowels. You guys love vowels. [laughter] You dont care. A, the letter A. [laughter] How many As can you put in one street name? [laughter] How many As? Thats too many As. [laughter] Thats why if anyone comes to Hawaii, Im talking to the world right now, if you come to Hawaii, dont ask for directions. [laughter] – All the streets sound the same. – [laughter] Ask for directions, theyll be like, Oh, thats easy, brother. This how you get there. You just go down Kaleakalakaka. [laughter] Make a right turn on Laukaladakalakau. Left turn on Naukauaakala. And then a right turn on Ahaahahahaaaa. [cheering] Love everything about Hawaii. Cant get enough of it. I dont even listen to the music and I love it. When Im here, I cant stop listening to it. Dont know any of the words. I dont care. [laughter] I drive and I sing… [imitates Hawaiian music] [laughter] [continues singing] [cheering] [continues singing] Youre clapping. I just made that song up. [laughter] You guys dont even know what the fuck Im saying. [laughter] All I did was the vowels… [singing] [laughter] [cheering] That hula is this shit! Hula is everything. That is the sexiest dance ever. All that shit theyre doing now, all the sexy dances theyre doing, – they stole it from the hula. – [laughter] Hula… that shit is sexy. She talks to the man through dance. – [laughter] – That is sexy. She tells him what she wants through dance. You come see me… [laughter] when the sun go down. [laughter] You take me to dinner. [laughter] If I like you… [laughter] I give you pussy. [laughter] [applause] Everybody, look at this. Every culture. Every race. Every ethnicity is in here, hanging out, laughing. Good time. They dont care, Good time, bro. They dont give a shit. And we look… I look out into the crowd, you cant tell us apart. You cant! You know how many Mexicans my mom walks up to and goes, Filipino? [laughter] Mexican! Sorry, sorry! Sorry, sorry. [laughter] Theres a way you can tell Asians apart from other Asians. Its by their accent, and only if they have accents. [laughter] Out of all the Asians, Koreans are the easiest, cause when a Korean person talks, they sound like theyve been smoking weed all day. [laughter] Like right before they talk to you… [inhaling] [imitates Korean] [laughter] [continues imitating Korean] Koreans sound like Asian ghosts. [imitates Korean] [laughter] My best friend growing up was Korean. I remember the first time I went to his house, his dad yelled from upstairs. I thought the fucking house was haunted. – [laughter] – Swear to God, right when I walked in… [imitates Korean] [laughter] [imitates Korean] [laughter] – I was like, What the fuck was that? – [laughter] Ah, its my dad. He just wants to know if youre hungry. [laughter] You can do that with any Asian. Vietnamese. [laughter] What? I havent even done anything yet. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Vietnamese, I love Vietnamese people. – Youre my… I love you. – [cheering] Youre the smallest of the Asians. [laughter] Youre smaller, but I will tell you this, dont fuck with Vietnamese people. They will fight anybody. [laughter] Those little fuckers will fight any… They dont give a shit. I dont care how strong you are, they will fight you. – They will run up to you and say shit. – [rapid shuffling] [laughter] Thats their little feet. [rapid shuffling] [laughter] I had one run up to me at the end of the show. – [rapid shuffling] – [laughter] Hey dude, what you say to me like that, dude? [laughter and applause] – They talk… – [cheering] [Jo laughing] They talk… They talk real fast… You know they talk that fast. They talk like this, real fast, like, Dude, what you say to me like that, dude? – [laughter] – They talk real fast like that, dude. [laughter] Koreans sound like theyve been smoking weed all day. Vietnamese people sound like theyve been doing cocaine their whole life. [sniffs] Hey dude, what you say to me like that, dude? Dont you talk to me like that, dude. What you say to me like that? [laughter] Vietnamese people put a period after every word that come out. Hey. Dude. What. You. Say. To. Me. Like. That. Dude? [laughter] Vietnamese people go real high. [high tone] They go real high, like that, dude. [low tone] They go down low, like that. They start low, like that, dude. [high tone] Then theyll go real high like that, dude. [laughter] Vietnamese people sound like theyre in a car far away and they drive by you real fast when theyre talking to you. Like, Hey dude, what you say to me like that, dude? Dont say that! Man, say that shit again, man. Get out the car and say that shit. [cheering and applause] Japanese. – [laughter] What? [laughs] [deep moan] – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] Japanese, only if they have accents you can tell us apart. Japanese, very distinct. When a Japanese man talks… [deeply] it come from diaphragm. [laughter] [imitates Japanese accent] This where Japanese man purr. [laughter] Huh! Hi! [laughter] Japanese! – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] Japanese woman, doesnt matter if shes 12 years old, or 75 years old, they always sound 12 years old. [upbeat, high-pitched speech] Lets go! Okay! [laughter and applause] Thats why no one watches Japanese porn. [laughter] No one watches Japanese porn. You know how annoying that shit is to watch? [imitates man, deep voice] [imitates woman, upbeat] All right, lets go! [laughter] [imitates man] [imitates woman] Oh-oh, keep going! – [laughter] – [imitates man] [imitates woman] Uh-oh, in my eye! Ooh! Ooh! [laughter, applause, and whistling] [Jo laughing] Ever since my last Netflix special, Ive been getting a lot of Mexicans coming to my shows. – [cheering] – A lot of Mexicans come to my shows now. And they always come up to me and say the same shit at the end of my show. They always go, Hey fucker. [laughter] Sorry. [laughter] Its so racist. I dont know why. I dont know why… Hey fucker. Why… Why when I impersonate a Mexican guy, I always gotta sound like… I always gotta sound like Im falling off a cliff. [laughter] Its so fucked up. [laughter] Its a horrible impersonation, but thats what they sound like. They always sound like theyre falling off the cliff. [laughter] The longer the sentence, the further the fall. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Mexicans always come up to me and say the same thing at the end of my shows, all the time. Theyre like, Hey, your moms just like my mom. Everything your mom does, my mom does. [laughs] Whatd I say? Everything… You look like a cholo, I swear to God. – Its scaring the shit out of me. [laughs] – [laughter] Im trying to do this joke, but this guys like, Say it right, fucker. [laughter] Say it right, fucker. Dont… [laughter] You know how hard is it to be funny when a cholos looking at me like this? [laughter] Whats your name, bro? – Jason. – Jason? – Are you Filipino or Mexican? – Im Filipino. Hes fucking Filipino! – Goddammit. – [cheering and applause] See what the fuck Im talking about? – You look like my brother, man. – [laughter] Jason? [laughs] See, this is what I want everyone to know, man. Theres a reason why Mexicans and Filipinos look a like. Theres a reason why Mexicans and Filipinos relate. Its a lot deeper than Vicks VapoRub. [laughter] Thats not the only common bond we have. I dont want you to come up to me at the end of the show, Hey, my mom use Vicks VapoRub too. Thats so crazy. – No, its not. – [laughter] Theres a reason why. Theres a reason why we relate on so many other levels. Spain conquered the Philippines for over 350 years. Thats real shit. You guys bred with us. [laughter] Were the first hybrid race. Thats what Filipinos are: Spanish, Asian. Filipino. [laughter] Thats what we are. Its a bad thing what happened, but its also a good thing. We got a lot of their traits, a lot of their culture. Know what Im saying? We look like em. Look at us. Were two hour flight from Japan. We are in the heart of Asia, thats where for the Philippines sits. But look at us, we dont even have Asian last names. [laughter] Because they left their fucking names there. [laughter] We dont have Asian names, we have Latino last names. Look at our fucking last names. In my family alone, De La Fuente, Santos, Gonzalez. Were fucking Mexicans! [laughter and cheering] We are the Mexicans of Asia. [laughter] Thats… thats real talk. Everything Mexicans do, Filipinos do. Everything! What do you guys have? Quinceañera, debut. [laughter] We got that from them, right? We celebrate the daughter when she turns 15, right? Shes 15? Same shit! Throw a big ass party. Mexicans do that shit all the time, right? Youre 15, youre ready to be a woman, mija, its your quinceañera. Are you sure Papa? Im only 15. [laughter] Yes, Im sure. [laughter] Your mothers only 30. [laughter] Okay, okay, okay, that was fucked up! That was fucked up. But its funny, come on. [laughter] – Is it fucked up? Its just a joke! – [laughter] Fuck! Stop being sensitive. Go fuck yourselves! [laughter] Stereotypes are funny for a reason, cause theyre true. [laughter] We all have stereotypes. Embrace it. Fuck it. Laugh at it. Who gives a shit? Not all Filipinos are nurses, but a lot of you motherfuckers are. [laughter] [cheering and applause] I dont know all these Filipinos in here, but I know one thing, – we have the same uncle. – [laughter] Every holiday, he has to talk to everybody. And we dread it, cause it takes forever to talk to him. ‘Cause he doesnt even know what he wants to say. He always starts off every conversation like this, Ah… [laughter] You know, uh… Josep, ah… [laughter] Remember the… [laughter] The… Shit, the… – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] Always, Ah… [laughter] I took… [laughs] I took my uncle to the to the mall, and we were in the food court. Were just sitting there, hes just trying to talk. And hes loud, so everyones watching. Thats the part that embarrassed me the most, cause hes loud, and everyones looking, and hes like, Ah… Josep, you remember the… that, uh… one time you… got me… – the… – Im like, What? What are trying to say? Hey, Im trying to tell you. Wait! [laughter] Dont rush me, huh. Im trying to think and youre rushing… Dont rush me, huh! [laughter] The… that one time you got me… Everyones watching. Everyone in the food court is looking. Ah… that, ah, you got me a drink? [laughter] You got me that drink? Yeah, I got you that drink. What about it? Yeah, and, uh, you come back, it had that, uh… that big straw? – [laughter] – Remember, it has that big straw. I look at it, go, ‘Putang ina, thats a big straw! [laughter] Remember that, you look at this big straw, and then you got mad at me? – Yeah, what about it? – Yeah, you told me to just drink it. – [laughter] – Remember? You told me, ‘Just drink it.' Yeah, what about it? – Everyones watching. Everyones watching. – [laughter] Yes, so I start to drink like that, and… [laughs] – [laughter] – Im… I… Im drinking like that and I start sucking on the straw… [laughter] And then, this, uh, black ball starts shooting in my mouth… – [laughter] – And Im sucking. Im sucking like that, and Im… Im… Black balls are in my mouth and Im sucking and choking on these black balls. I got mouth full of black balls, and Im choking, sucking… Shut the fuck up! [laughter] Boba, its fucking boba! [laughter] Oh, yeah, boba. I hate that shit. [laughter] Thats why Filipinos should only be nurses. [laughter] Just be nurses, dont be doctors. Imagine my uncle a doctor, during surgery. [laughter] Nurse, can I get the, uh… [laughter] the… oh shit. The… you know, that, uh… you know, to cut the… to cut, uh… you know, the… The nurse is like, Putang ina, what? They all cut, what? What do you need, doctor? The… the shit… the… the… Hes dying, what the fuck do you need? What? What? Say it. The shit… the… the… [laughter] We are a stereotype. Filipinos morph into a fucking stereotype. I dont know what it is, they just morph into a goddamn stereotype. I talked about that on my last special, but look, look around you. Theyre here. [laughter] See, my mom‘s not here tonight, but I look out, and fuck, there she is! [laughter] Short hair, glasses. [laughter] Purse on the lap. – Look, right there, there she is. – [laughter] There she is. Handkerchief, handkerchief. [laughter] Louis Vuitton purse. Confused, Where are we? [laughter] [Jo laugh] Where… where are we? What is this? [laughter] I love us. They got to have that Louis Vuitton purse. Thats their purse. You know how many Louis Vuitton purses I bought my mom? So many. You know what she puts in it? Snacks. [laughter] Its the most expensive lunch box youll ever see. [laughter] And theyre not even good snacks. [laughter] All my friends, when I was a kid, man, they would go to the mom, Mom, can I get a snack? And shed pull out delicious snacks out of her purse. Doritos. Fun Size Snickers. I run up to my mom… Shit! [laughter] Her snacks were something she took from a restaurant. [laughter] Run up to my mom, Mom, can I get a snack? Oh, heres some oyster crackers. [laughter] Oyster crackers are made to absorb soup. [laughter] And she wants me to eat this before I go to class. Put that in your stomach. Id put it in my… [chokes] [laughter] [choking] – Swallow it! – [chokes] [laughter] [chokes] [laughter] Thats my moms hustle. Thats any moms hustle, I swear to God. And heres the thing, man, it doesnt matter how much they make, It doesnt matter. They will get free shit. [laughter] If its there, get it. My mom said that to me all the time, Get it. – [laughter] – Go back in there and get it. [laughter] Get what? Just what… that… whatever that is. – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] Just get more, grab more. [laughter] Put it in the purse. Put it in the purse. Go! [laughter] Get it, get extra. She always said that, Get extra. Joseph, go back in there and get extra. Get extra. You know what get extra means? Steal! [laughter] Steal! She wants her kid to fucking steal. [laughter] Get extra. I used to hate going to McDonalds. [laughter] ‘Cause shed always make me go back in, Go back in there and get extra napkins. [laughter] Why? Because we need extra for the… the house. [laughter] Get extra, Joe. Go, go back in there. God, how many do you need? [laughter] Well, your birthday is coming up. Go back in there. – [laughter] – Fuck! [laughter and cheering] Stuffing my pocket with napkins. Im so mad, Im looking at my mom. Shes out in the parking lot. [groans] Im crying. [sobs] [laughter] She doesnt care. The other pocket! Fill it! [laughter] My son has no idea how that feels. He doesnt know. I buy napkins. [laughter] I buy expensive napkins, because Im traumatized. [laughter] Stealing napkins my whole life. I dont want my son to go through that shit. My son doesnt know how embarrassing birthdays are. My birthday sucked. My mom was handing out slices of cake to all the kids, then she hand out napkins. None of them match. KFC, McDonalds, Taco Bell, Burger King, KFC, Cheesecake Factory, ooh thats a good one. Thats… thats a lot thicker than the other. [laughter] [Jo laughs] These kids got a good though. Fifteen-year-old kid. Man, my son has no idea. He has no idea how good hes got it. These fucking millennials, millennials! Is that what theyre called this year? Millennial? Gen X? Millennial? Pussies! [laughter] Is that what theyre called, pussies? Theyre pussies. All of them, pussies. If theres 15-year-olds in here, youre fucking pussy, all of you. [laughter] Fucking pus… Right? Am I my fucking right? They complain. You cant… you cant yell at em. Theyll… theyll say something. Youll get in trouble. They go, Oh my God, my… my mom yelled at me, and Im so scared to go to the house, cause my mom yelled at me. Man, go fuck yourself. Are you kidding me? [laughter] Youre scared to go home cause youre mom yelled at… Thats all my mom did, was yell at me. That was the only language my mom spoke, was yell. Ha? – What? – [laughter] – Say it again! – [laughter] Say it again! Say it! – What did you say, Joseph? – [laughter] What did you say? Turn around. Turn around, Joseph. [sobbing] [laughter] Thats the only language my mom talked. Yell! Ha? When? When did you do it? Where? Where did you go? Ha? What? [laughter] Did you lose your lunch box? I remember when I lost my lunch box one time, holy shit! [laughter] Thats how my mom disciplined. Through the… She never, like, physically touched. She… she verbally attacked you. Thats when she went after you. Shed break you down in words. Interrogation. – Two and a half hours of yelling. – [laughter] What? Where… wheres your lunch box, Joseph? Where did you put it? I… I dont know! [laughter] What do you mean ‘you dont know? Where? Where did you go? You go from house to school. School to house. Where the fuck did you lose it? [laughter] What? You just take your lunch box, put it anywhere, ‘Oh, I dont know where. I dont know where anything is. I dont know where. [laughter] Wheres your lunch box, Joseph? Where? Where did you put it? I dont… I dont know! Then shell just repeat what I said in a stupid voice. [deep voice] I dont… I dont know! [laughter] How do you not know, Joseph? How? I dont know, Mom, what do you want me to say? Tell me where it is? – I dont… – [laughter] Two hours of that. – Where? – I dont know. – Ha? – I dont… [laughter] She wants me… she want me to have snot coming out of my mouth, and then breathe it in at the same time. – Thats when shes happy. – [laughter] Thats what my mom knows she got me. [mumbling] I dont know where… [choking] [laughter] [choking] [choking] Thats when she walks up to me, Okay, okay, breathe, Joseph, breathe. – Breathe. My God. – [choking] Breathe, my God, Joseph. Breathe, breathe. Breathe [choking] [laughter] Its just a lunch box. [laughter] [chokes] [cheering and applause] Then shes gotta embarrass me. Then shes got to put my lunch in a Tupperware container. Thats how she embarrasses me. She always says, Im going to put your lunch in a Tupperware container. And then, Id cry more, Why? I dont want to go to school. Why not? Because I dont want to go to school with my lunch in one of your Tupperwares. [laughter] ‘Cause that shits embarrassing. If I send my son to school with the Tupperware container, he goes to school with a clear bowl, and its got a blue lid, and it says Tupperware on the lid. My son would be proud to go to school with that shit. My moms Tupperware… [laughter] usually an empty Cool Whip container… [laughter] Country Crock. [laughter] One time, she put it in an empty Neapolitan ice cream container. Had the red handles, she put my homework and my lunch. It looked like a fucking briefcase, like what the fu… [laughter] Put my lunch in a Cool Whip container, that shit is so embarrassing. Then she goes, Grab a Sharpie so I can write your name on the lid. Like… Like someone else has a Cool Whip container lunch box. [laughter] Im pretty sure Im the only one with a Cool Whip container lunch box. You never know, Joseph. No, I know. [laughter] Im walking around the lunch room, looking for a place to sit, with my Cool Whip container lunch box. [laughter] All the other kids are looking at me. Whoa. [laughter] Your moms gonna let you eat Cool Whip? [laughter] I dont know whats inside it. [laughter] Im sitting down at the lunch table, with my Cool Whip container lunch box. All these other kids are trading lunches in front of me, but no one wants to trade for the mystery bucket. [laughter] My mouth is watering, cause you see all these delicious trades going down. Ill give you my turkey and cheddar cheese sandwich, for that peanut butter and jelly. Ill give you my chocolate chip cookies for those Pringles. [laughter] Ill give you my chocolate milk for that Gatorade. And Im looking at all of em. [laughter] Does anyone want munggo? [laughter] [cheering] Munggo? Munggo? No munggo? Its so good, munggo? [laughter] You get to keep the container. [laughter] Some kid was like, What the fuck is munggo? [laughter] I had to explain it to him. [laughter] Its these little round green beans. [laughter] And it sits on top of a bed of rice. And if you dig deep enough, you might find a shrimp or two. [laughter] Some other kid was like, What the fuck is that bag of sauce next to it? [laughter] Patis. [laughter] Filipino fish sauce. [laughter] It really accents the flavor of the munggo. [laughter] Dont spill it on your shirt, youll smell like pussy all day. [laughter] Heres the thing about my son, man. He doesnt know what a lunch box is. This kid has a debit card. Im even embarrassed to say this. His school takes credit and he has a debit card. It fucking sucks. Doesnt know the responsibility of a lunch box, just goes to school and rings it up. I still discipline him. I still get mad at him. He called me on a Wednesday one time, he was like, Hey Dad, theres only, like, $0.40 left on my debit card. [laughter] And I was like, Oh, my God. [laughter] Go fuck yourself! [laughter] The fuck did you eat on Monday, asshole, filet mignon? [laughter] What, youre walking into the lunchroom like a fucking nightclub? Ah, chocolate milks on this motherfucker, lets go! [laughter] I know this is weird for me to even say, but my son doesnt know what rice is, the way I knew rice… Rice was fucking everything to me. Rice was breakfast, rice was lunch, rice for dinner. And I know theres a lot of people going, Oh, Filipinos eat breakfast? Yes, we do. Its… its just last nights dinner with an egg. Thats all that… thats all that is. [laughter] And its delicious. Thats all we ate was rice. Thats the key to a Asian household, rice. That shit is always cooking. Theres always a pot of rice cooking. The rice cooker is always on. You could get locked in an Asian persons house, and all the lights are off. – You can find the kitchen. – [laughter] Just look for that little square red light. [laughter] Now, theres the fucking rice, right there. [laughter] [Jo laughs] I sent my son to go get rice the other day, I go, Joe, go grab a bag of rice. And he ran down a couple aisles, and then he came back with this little-ass bag of rice. – [laughter] – Was in his hand like that. And even though I knew that was the bag of rice he was supposed to get, I started reflecting back to when I was his age. The bag of rice I had to get… was a size of this fucking stool. [laughter] That shit was twice my body weight. I had to drag that shit back to my mom. [laughter] It was a big nylon bag, with Chinese writing on the front. Said 50 pounds at the bottom of it. My mom would sit that in the back of the kitchen next to the trash. Top just ripped open. Inside that bag was a coffee mug with a broken handle. [laughter] She called that a measuring cup. [laughter] She taught me how to make rice. I remember that day. Im going to teach you how to make rice, and this is the only time Im going to teach you. – [laughter] – Okay. How do I do it? You take a couple scoops of rice, Joseph, put it in the pot, put water in the pot, squish it around. Clean the rice like that. If the water is cloudy, the rice is dirty, pour that water out. Put more water in there. Squish it around. Squish it around. If the water is still cloudy, the rice is dirty, pour that water out. Continue the process, Joseph, until the water is clear. When the water is clear, add water. Its ready to cook. Well, then, how much water do I add? Just fill it to this line right here, Joseph. [laughter and cheering] This is how you cook perfect rice. I want the world to know that right now. This is an ancient fucking secret. [laughter] Every Asian knows how to make rice, and this is how you do it. You dont need a measuring cup, and you dont need no fucking rice cooker. All you need is rice, a pot, and this fucking line right here. [laughter] [cheering] And I know theres people watching right now, How do you do that? That doesnt make any sense. Well, let me explain it to you. Put as much rice as you want in any pot, then fill it up with water. How much water, Joe? Well, you touch the top of the rice with this finger right here, and fill it up with water till it hits that fucking line right there. [laughter] Perfect rice. [cheering] This kids got it so good now. So good. Disciplining him is easier too, though, I will say that. It is a lot easier to discipline my son. My mom had to be creative. With me, shit, its easy. If my son fucks up, and this is anyone, though, with a teenager, they fuck up, what do you do? Take their phone away. That shit works. You dont have to verbally abuse em, you dont have to physically touch em. Just take their fucking phone away. My son doesnt know what to do when I take his phone away. My son physically breaks down when I take his phone away. [laughter] Im like, Give me that phone. Hes like, Ah, Dad, ah. [laughter] What do I do now, Dad? [laughter] Hes never seen his hand before. What is this? Hello? [laughter] My mom, when she disciplined, shit! Like I said, she never hit me, but goddamn, man. I remember one time, I was hiding in the closet, and she walked by and I scared her. Jumped out, Ba! [laughter] – My mom got so… Ah! – [laughter] You think thats funny? [laughter] Jump out and scare me like that, ha? [laughter] Get back in that closet. [laughter] Get back in there. Sit there. You sit there till I tell you to come out. Sit there. [laughter] And I sat in that closet. And then she forgot I was in that fucking closet. [laughter] She came back with laundry, Ha, what are you doing here? You told me to go here. [laughter] [crying] Ive been here all day. [laughter] She didnt even apologize. Just go to your room, its late now. [laughter] Go to my room crying. She didnt give a shit. [laughter] Called her sister, bragged about what she did. [laughter] Youre not going to believe what I did to Joseph. [laughter] [laughing] I put him in the closet. [laughter] All day! All day, I swear to God. I was even walking around, ‘Where the fuck is Joseph?' [laughter] My son, goddammit. Hes 15. Heres the thing about 15-year-old boys, man. He thinks hes being slick and hes not. [laughter] I keep telling him that, too. And thats the thing. If you got boys, if you got a little boy, just be honest with em, talk to em like dudes. I cant speak for girls. Im just saying, if you have a little teenage boy, talk to em like dudes, theyll respect you more. I dont hide shit, I dont candy coat shit. I let my son know. Like, Joe, I know what you did in there. [laughter] What are you talking about, Dad? Well, Im just saying, like, I was 15. And I know what you did in there. Like, all the creepy shit youre doing, I did too. [laughter] I was just better at it. [laughter] What are you talking about, Dad? Joe, come on, man. I know what you… You were in the shower for 30 minutes, man. I know what you did. I didnt do… I just took a shower. Im like, You didnt take a shower. How do you know I didnt take a shower? Joe, you were in there for 30 minutes, and your hair is dry. [laughter] Bought you a big bottle of Head and Shoulders and its empty. [laughter] But you still have dandruff. I dont know how… what… [laughter] But your dick always smells like mint. Its just mint. Mint and zinc come from here. [laughter] Its Head and Shoulders, Joe, not Dick and Hand. Thats it. – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] [laughing] It says Head and Shoulders! It doesnt say Dick and Hand, Joe. It says Head and Shoulders. [laughter] Its not slick. Come on, man. All right, Dad. All right. Thats how my son is now. Now hes cool with it, All right. All right. [laughter] I promise. Ill be… I wont… Ill make it so you dont know. [laughter] Then he went to high-five me, I promise. Im like, Im not gonna fucking shake your hand. – [laughter] – Im not gonna touch the murder weapon. [laughter] Good-looking kid, man. Hes got a full head of hair, man. Hes got a big afro, man. Hes got dark skin. All right, hes got the darker skin. Hes been going to a lot of the other football games from other schools, and all the kids are asking him if hes half-black. He even came up to me, like, Dad, a lot of kids think Im half-black. Im like, All right, whatd you say? He goes, Ive been saying yes. [laughter] Why would you say that? I dont know, like, they dont know. Well, how about when I come pick you up or something, and they notice that youre not half-black? Hes like, Well, just dont pick me up. [laughter] And then he asked me if he can get a DNA test, cause he saw a commercial, and hes like Hey, Dad, lets get one of those DNA tests. Why do you want to get a DNA test? Lets just see, maybe theres black in the family, Dad? Maybe a long… maybe a long time ago, there… maybe a long time ago there was someone black in our family, and its catching up to me, Lets just see, it would be fun. Im like, Joe, theres no black in the family. You dont know. Lets just see. Im like, Joe, theres no black in the… Your aunt married a black guy, but that doesnt help you at all. [laughter] Come on, Dad. Just get it. Just get it. Itll be cool. Just get it. [laughter] So I got it. [laughter] And were gonna do it. And I hope, I dont know… I hope it comes back black. I dont know… [laughter] If the results come back black, Im just gonna be like, Um… get the fuck out of my house. [laughter] – Go find your real dad. Who the fuck… – [laughter] Who the fuck is this kid? Give me back that debit card, motherfucker. [laughter] Hes constantly fucking with me. Always fucking with me. – Oh, Im sorry theres a wire. – [laughter] A black guy right here, Im sorry. [laughter] – Thats… no. Whats your name, sir? – Malcolm. Malcolm. Goddammit, couldnt get any blacker than that, shit! – [laughter] – Motherfucker! Shit. Malcolm. [laughs] [laughter] Of course it is. [laughter] – Is this… is this your lady? – This is my wife. – And what are you? Whats your ethnicity? – Im Filipino. – Youre Filipino. See, this is what… – [laughter] This is what my sons parents should look like, right here. [laughter] My sons parents are here! [laughter] You think Im joking? Wait… wait till I bring em out. Youre gonna be like, Oh fuck, that is our kid, shit! [laughter] You know my son ran up to me one time… This is true story. We were, uh… I was, uh… I was in my room, and he ran up to me, he always fucks with me. But he… ‘Cause hes got such a beautiful head of hair. Right? Its fucking beautiful, man. And, um… He looks like one of the Jacksons, from the Five, like, Hey! Like… [laughter] [cheering] But… [laughs] And it comes up to me, Malcolm, and he goes… Dad, when I get older, am I gonna be bald like you? [laughter] And that hurt me so bad. [laughter] Like, he doesnt understand how hard that hurt. And I was like… So I wanted to, like, let him know that it hurt, but not with words, just by my tone. I was like, You know what, Joe? You get your hair from your moms side. [laughter] And on your moms side, everyone has a full head of hair. Thats probably why you have so much hair. So you have to be worried about being bald like your dad. [laughter] And my son goes, Sweet! [laughter] Sweet! And went into his fucking room like an asshole. [laughter] And I was crushed. I was like, Man, fuck this kid, man. [laughter] Thats why any time he asks a question, I have an opportunity to knock him down, I do it, Malcolm. Fuck him, man. [laughter] He came up to me, like, two weeks after that. And he was like, Dad. He was like all sad. Dad, can I talk to you for a second, please and you promise you wont make a joke? [laughter] Yeah. I pr… I promise. [laughter] No, Im serious, Dad. Like, its been bothering me, and I need to talk to you about this, so please, no jokes. All right, Joe, talk to me. Whats wrong? Why are you crying? Whats wrong? Okay, um… Ah… I dont even know how to say this. Um… Okay, Ive been growing my pubic hairs for a couple years now… [laughter] Joe, you gotta warn me about the topic. [laughter] Like, you cant just come in hot like that, man. You gotta… warn me, let me know. – Im trying to eat lunch right now. – [laughter] – Now I got pubic hairs on my mind. – [laughter] All right, come on, Dad. You said you were gonna not joke around, Im being serious. Like, listen to me. Ive been growing pubic hairs for a while now, like for a couple years. Yeah, youre a teenager, thats what youre supposed to do. Youre supposed to grow your pubic hairs, whats bothering you? Why is that making you mad? No, just listen to me. Okay, Im listening. What? Whats bothering you? Okay, well, I always thought, Dad, that once you start to grow your pubic hairs, that… that the penis was supposed to start growing. [laughter] Yeah, and? My penis isnt growing, Dad! [laughter] Just my pubic hairs. [laughter] My penis is still the same size from two years ago, but my pubic hairs are long, Dad. It just keeps growing. I dont get it, Dad. Dad! [laughter] Dad! [laughter] Dad! [laughter] I didnt know what to do. I just got on my phone like, What the fuck? [laughter] Hes like, What are you doing, Dad? And I was like… Im canceling that DNA test. [laughter] [cheering] Oh, my God, Dad. Does everything have to be a joke, Dad? Does everything have to be a joke? And I was like, Well, you made fun of my hair. [laughter] Now Im making fun of yours. [laughter] Oh, my God, Dad. Come on. Seriously. I dont understand whats going on. Dad, whats going on? Whats supposed to happen? Ive been waiting, nothings happening, Dad. Dad! Dad! I just grabbed him. Grabbed him, I was like, Yo, stop. Stop fucking crying. – [laughter] – Stop! Well, tell me what Im supposed to do. I dont get it, Dad. Well, stop crying, first of all. Well, then, tell me. What? I go, Listen to me. Look at me. Listen to me. Oh, my God, what, Dad? Unfortunately, Joe… [laughter] That comes from your moms side too. [laughter] Okay, now…[laughs] [laughter] Now heres a fucked-up part about the story. I lied to my son. [laughter] He didnt get that from his moms side. [laughter] Thats 100% my dick, 100%. [laughter] I knew it was mine when he described it. I was like, Oh, shit. Thats mine. I got the same… I got the same fucking thing. [laughter] [Jo laughs] But Im not gonna tell him that. Im not gonna be like, Yeah, thats the family dick and Im heading down to you. Like no, fuck that! [laughter] Its the dick I hand down from generation to generation. – [laughter] – [Jo laughs] Im not gonna tell him that. Thats the hand he was dealt. Now he has to play his own cards. I had a small dick and it worked. [laughter] Worked for me, goddammit. Itll work for him. Not gonna be sad about it. Hes gotta deal with it. Deal with it. Id be sad if he walked up to me and was like, Dad, I dont have a dick. Id be like, Oh shit! – [laughter] – [laughing] Im so sorry. [laughter] [laughing] Oops! Maybe Malcolm isnt your dad. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Fuck you, Malcolm, youre laughing too hard at that shit. – [laughter] – Fuck you, man. See? Laughing hard at the big black dick joke. [laughter] But then he got mad at the Malcolm joke, Oh, cause Im black. Gotta have a name like Malcolm. [laughter] Stereotypes are funny for a reason, for that reason right there alone. Thats a good stereotype, Malcolm, and you know it. Your whole life, youve been blessed with that stereotype. [laughter] The big dick stereotype. We dont know if you have a big dick, but none of us in here wanna take that bet. [laughter] [applause] [cheering] We just assume Malcolm has a big dick, cause thats your stereotype. Just like you assume Im good at math. Fuck you, Malcolm. [laughter] [laughs] But thats the fucked-up part. Thats the fucked-up part, Malcolm. You cant get mad when someone else calls you out on another stereotype, cause its just funny. Were just having fun, man. So, dont get mad. If youre gonna take that stereotype, you have to take em all, Malcolm. You have to take em all. Dont be biased with your stereotypes. Dont get mad if someone walks up to you, Hey, you like chicken? – Why? ‘Cause Im black, motherfucker? – [laughter] Black mans gotta like chicken all the time, motherfucker? [laughter] You got a big dick? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. [laughter] [applause] [laughs] [laughing] Unfortunately… Unfortunately… I dont have a big dick. [laughter] And neither does my son. [laughter] [Jo laughing] Oh, this is gonna suck for my son when this goes out on Netflix. [laughter] Goddammit. Fuck! [laughter] [Jo laughing] [laughter] Hes gonna walk through the hallways at his school, and everyone gonna be like this, Whoa. [laughter] It was just a joke. [laughing] No, it wasnt! [laughter] [laughing] That shit is real. [laughter] So what? He has a small dick, and? It doesnt matter. Small dick… fuck it. Itll work. It works. It fucking works. [laughter] Im gonna… You know what? Heres the thing. Hes gonna go through his teenage years, be insecure about his small dick. Then hell go through his twenties, probably build-up some confidence, I think. Then hell get to his thirties. If hes not confident about his small dick then, then Ill step in and talk to him. [laughter] Then Ill walk up to him, like, Hey man. Hey! Still mad about that small dick thing? [laughter] – [deep voice] Yeah, Dad. It sucks. – [laughter] – Thats my son, 30-year-old voice. – [laughter] – Yeah, Dad. It sucks. – [laughter] Im 30 years old, I got a 15-year-old dick. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Here, Im gonna do it to this side, Yeah, Im 30 years old, – I got a 15-year-old dick, Dad. – [laughter] What the fuck? [laughter] Thats what Ill grab him. Listen to me. All right? Listen to me. What? What, Dad? What could you possibly tell me? [laughter] Ill just tell him, From the bottom my heart, look, Joe, you got a small dick and… This is all you got to do. Fix your credit. [laughter] And thats the truth, Malcolm. [applause] [Jo laughs] You ever want to live… If you ever wanna live the big dick life, like Malcolm… [laughter] – …fix your fucking credit. – [laughter] You got a small dick, fix your credit. Thats the truth. You got a small dick? Good credit make your dick grow ten inches. [laughter] Thats the truth. And theres a lot of guys in here that have a small dick, just like me. Youre just not laughing as hard. [laughter] Trying to play it off. [laughter] Try not to laugh, like this part of the joke doesnt relate to you. Youre just looking at me like this. [laughter] But the girl you came with his dying. [imitates girl laughing] [laughter] What are you laughing at? Fix your fucking credit. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Thats the truth. Fix your credit. Shit works, man. Look, it works for me. Im confident. I dont give a fuck. – [laughter] – Im single and I got good credit. Ill tell every woman in here right now, I got a small dick! [laughter] But I got good credit. [laughter] Can a big dick buy you a house? [laughter] This little motherfucker can! [laughter] [cheering and applause] [Jo laughs] [laughing] Its real talk. Everything you hear, Malcolm, I hear. [laughter] You hear big dick shit? So do I. [laughter] Women arent like men, man. Women are different creatures, man. When they love, they love. You take care of a woman, you provide for a woman, you protect. Cherish. Honor. Love. Every… All that shit, make her feel like a queen, watch what she does for your ego. – Watch what a woman does for your ego. – [woman cheers] ‘Cause she knows thats whats important to a man, his fucking ego. And men love that shit. Shell say shit to you that you know goddamn well she shouldnt be saying to you. [laughter] She lies to you in bed, and you take that lie. – [laughter] – You love that lie, cause it makes you feel good. You never question her on that lie. – Who the fuck are you talking to? – [laughter] You love it when she says it, you tell her to repeat it. Ha, oh my… ow! Yeah, bitch, ‘Ow! ‘Ow! It hurts, huh? Yeah! Oh, my God! [laughing] [laughter] Doesnt matter about the size. Size doesnt… look at it. See, its small, she doesnt care. She loves you. She loves you. What you doing, the physical act, making love, she loves making love. She doesnt care about the size, Its mine, mine. [smooches] [laughter] Mine, mine. Thats mine. Mine. Muah. Im gonna sleep on it. [imitates sleeping] Muah. [laughter] [Jo laughing] So, stop trying to do big dick things. Why do we do that? Stop trying to do big dick things. Stop trying to do shit that Malcolm does naturally. – [laughter] – Stop! Just do you! Do you! I do it all the time. Im in as far as I can go, but what do I do? I arch my back, like more dick is gonna come out. The fuck am I doing? Like theres extra dick in my hip. I just need to unlatch it. There it is, bitch. You feel that shit? [laughter] Your balls are a natural stopper. Your balls tell you when youre out of dick. Your balls always tell you. Your balls are like, Thats all the dick. Thats all the dick. Just balls, Jo. Just balls. [laughter] Stop trying to do big dick things. Stop. Stop doing this shit, bringing it out and going back in. What are you doing? You have to have laser point accuracy to get back in there. Stop! Stop! Just leave it in there. Leave it in there. Cram that pussy. Cram the pussy. Cram it. Fuck her up. Cram it. Fucking cram. Fucking cram. Cram. Push the bitch. Cram it. Where the fuck are we going? Fuck… fucking cram it. Were in the kitchen. [laughter] Just be happy youve been invited to the mansion party. [laughter] Just be happy youve been invited to the mansion party. Thats her mansion. Her 40-million-dollar mansion. And shes throwing a party, and theres only one person on that guest list, you! [laughter] Im getting teary-eyed just thinking about it. [laughter] Forty-million-dollar mansion party and shes got one person on the guest list, you. Thats fucking amazing. [laughter] Unfortunately, you cant go all the way inside the mansion. [laughter] Its a big place you got here. [laughter] But you can compliment the door frame. [laughter] – Jiggle the knob. – [laughter] Jiggle the knob. Look for the spare key. Its in here, up here, and right there. Thats where the spare key is, I swear to God. Find that shit. [laughter] Malcolms upstairs, They got a Jacuzzi up in this motherfucker. [laughter] Fuck you, Malcolm. [laughter] [Jo laughs] Im just gonna tell my son the truth. And be like, Look Joe, size doesnt matter. [laughs] Size doesnt matter. [laughter] It got quiet in here. [laughter] Does size matter? – [man] Yeah. – Yeah? [laughs] [laughter] Does size matter? [woman] Yes! [laughs] Yeah? Yes? [women] Yes! One no! [laughter] I was right. [laughter] Im gonna ask again, does size matter? – [women] Yes! – [women] No. Yes. [laughing] No, down here. Yes, up there. [laughter] [Jo laughs] See what good credit will get you. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Good credit gets you downstairs. [laughter] Oh, shit. [laughing] Malcolms got front row. He got a big dick and good credit. Motherfucker! Motherfucker! [laughter] You sure you dont have a big pussy? [laughter] What? Is that fucked up? Stop. I said I had a small dick. Stop. Maybe that wasnt her yelling. Maybe that was their big pussy like, – Yes! – [laughter] Shut up, big pussy. No, hes a liar. Shut up, big pussy. No! [laughter] If… [laughs] If size matters, then why is the number-one sex toy thats always sold out at the sex shop that little, tiny… [imitates vibrator] [laughter] Look, look at all the women. [imitates vibrator] The size of my dick, right there. – [continues imitating vibrator] – [laughter] Every woman buys that fucking thing. Not one woman goes in the sex shop and goes, Ill take this right here. [laughter] I wanna fuck something and scratch my throat at the same time. [laughter] Every woman… [imitates vibrator] When you use it… [imitates vibrator malfunctioning] [laughter] I love you, Hawaii. Thank you so much, man. [cheering and applause]

WANDA SYKES@NOT NORMAL@2019@Ladies and gentlemen… Wanda Sykes! Yes. Yes. Thank you. New York. New York. Oh, my goodness. So… let me just start by saying… if you voted for Trump… …and you came to see me… …you fucked up again. This shits not normal, yall. Its not normal. Come on. The lying, the tweeting, the playdates with dictators. Come on. This shit is not normal. Its not normal that I know that Im smarter than the president. Thats not normal. Come on. In the Mueller investigation, how does he not know that hes Individual Number One? Come on. Everybody whos been indicted or going to jail, Papadopoulos, Gates, Flynn, Manafort, it all says in the Mueller report that they co-conspired with Individual Number One. Motherfucker, thats you! All right. Now… if everybody you come in direct contact with… gets herpes… …wouldnt you be like… Am I giving everybody herpes? But no. President Trump tweets… All clear. Too bad for Individual Number One. Hashtag sad. No, motherfucker. You have herpes! You are patient zero. Trump, he doesnt even look presidential. He doesnt look presidential. It looks like hes doing an impersonation of a president. He doesnt know what to do with his hands. Even the way he stands there, hes just like… He looks like those things that you put out in front of the car wash. You know… Shits not normal, yall. Its not normal. Heres another thing thats not normal. Presidents, they all age while in office, right? They age while in office, because the job is so fucking stressful that it affects you physically. Weve seen it. Obama… First two years, President Obama went totally gray. His face started drooping. He got all droopy in the face. One time, I was like, Is that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar? Who the fuck… Is that what… Misha, is that Kareem? What the hell? George W. Bush, he shrunk four inches. At one point, he was looking like Gollum from The Lord of the Rings. Ah, my precious! My precious! Bill Clinton. He grew that bulb on the tip of his nose. What the fuck was that? Bill Clinton looked like the man on the Operation board. But not Trump. Nope. Mm-mm. Hes on executive time. Trump hasnt aged. But we have. He is fucking us up. Everybodys looking older. My God. I was in my car, I saw a billboard. Cher, Vegas. I was like, Oh, shit, thats on my bucket list. Im going. I get to the stop light, I look back up, I was like… Oh, damn, thats Ariana Grande. What the hell? Hes fucking us up. You know how they say some women have resting bitch face? Well, Trump has given me resting what the fuck? face. Every morning, Im looking in the mirror like, What the fuck? What… I got crows feet. I got a fucking divot in my forehead. He has cracked black. Thats… Thats damn near impossible. I was like, We got to get rid of him. Two more years, Imma to look like Cicely Tyson. She look good, but I aint ready. I aint ready to go there. If someone offered me a deal tonight and said, Wanda, heres your deal. You keep Trump for two more years… or well switch him out tonight with R&B singer Bobby Brown… Without batting an eye, Im taking Bobby Brown. Im taking Bobby Brown. Bobby Brown is a proven talent. We know what he can do. Right? Trump, uh-uh. We respect Bobby Brown. Nobody respects Trump. You know how I know they dont respect him? Because they let him walk up on Air Force One with toilet paper on the back of his shoe. You would stop a stranger to get toilet paper off their shoe. Ive been in airports and, like, tracked people down for ten gates… like, oh… …to get this toilet paper off your shoe. I bet you theres been murderers on their way to the electric chair… passing the guards with toilet paper on their shoes… and the guards are like, Yeah, you motherfucker, you deserve all of this. I hope… Oh, hold up, man, hold on. Let me get this off your shoe. Cant let you go out like that. Its embarrassing, man. Trump passed Marine guards… on his way. Marine guards. These people see everything. They are the sharpest motherfuckers on the planet. But they let him ascend… …up to Air Force One, the plane that represents America… with toilet paper on the back of his shoe. And they just stood there. You see that? Yeah, I see it. I see it. I think its a good look for him. And hes always on Air Force One. Never in the White House. Always running off, Mar-a-Lago or somewhere, costing us all kind of money. Hey, I was like, We should just put the White House on Airbnb. Maybe well get somebody good in there. His whole family is costing us money. Yeah. Did you know that we pay for a Secret Service detail for Tiffany Trump? Exactly. Who the fuck is Tiffany Trump? Nobodys gonna mess with Tiffany Trump. She aint on our radar. Shit, she aint even on Trumps radar. We dont give a shit about Tiffany Trump. Dont wanna be paying for Secret Service. All she needs is a mall cop on a Segway. Just this motherfucker. Oh, not the stairs, Tiff, not the stairs. Shits not normal. The president is in litigation with porn stars. With porn stars! Come on, that shits not normal. What the fuck? And everybodys like, Well, you know, thats just what we doing now. Really? Were putting up with this bullshit? We were outraged when President Obama wore a tan suit to work. That was the bar back then. Oh, how dare he come to the Oval Office so casual, in a tan suit? People were disgusted because one of the greatest first ladies weve ever had, Michelle Obama… …she went sleeveless. Oh. Oh, how unbecoming of the first lady to wear no sleeves, to show her arms. Really? You gave Michelle Obama shit for that. Really? You can Google Melanias titties right now. Yeah. I did it. I bet you the Obamas must be beside themselves. They must be. They must be beside themselves. I cant… Could you imagine, like, all that shit that they went through for eight years and theyre watching all this bullshit just go and everybody just turns their heads toward it? I mean, what the fuck? I bet you theyre in bed, watching the 11 oclock news and Michelle looks over at Barack and is like… nigga. Porn stars? Really? We gonna to talk about the porn star now. She didnt put that in the book. But I was confused. I was confused by the whole situation. The whole porn star thing. Because first of all, I was like, Who is admitting that they fucked Trump? Thats what I need to know. Whos going to admit that? And then all of the hush money thing. I said, Okay, wait a minute. Okay, hush money was exchanged. And then when I saw Stormy Daniels, I was like, Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You mean to tell me he paid her? I thought she paid him to shut the fuck up. ‘Cause that made sense to me. If I fucked Trump, he came to me and said, Okay, Im going to give you, um… 130,000 not to say anything, Id be like, Bitch, I was about to give you 250. Shit. If I ever fucked Trump, Im telling you, Im taking that to the grave. Thats going to the grave and beyond. Id be walking around Heaven, Id look Jesus right in the eye… Huh? What? Me? Wasnt me, Jesus. You must have turned too much water into wine that day. But you know what? I believe that everything happens for a reason. Everything happens for a reason. Because of Trump being president… we sent more women to Congress than ever before. Thats because of Trump. Thank you, Trump. All kinds of women. African-American, Native American, Asian-American, Muslims. Yes. Its funny looking at Congress now. All those beautiful women in there and all those old white guys. It looks like the cast of Cocoon… …meets the cast of any Shonda Rhimes show. We are gonna be all right. We gonna be all right. Were just in a fight right now. Were just in a fight. And when youre in a fight, big thing, you got to stay consistent. You got to stay consistent, ladies. Especially us. Thats right. So, you know… You cant be out there at the Womens March, Fuck Harvey, yeah! Equal pay! Yeah, we got to get equal pay! and then be like, Ooh, girl, I got to get home and watch The Bachelor. No. The Bachelor cannot coexist with Times Up, Me Too. You cant have it. No. The only time you hear, Me too, on The Bachelor is if somebody says, I have chlamydia. Got to let The Bachelor go. I know some of you are like, Well, Wanda, its just entertainment. Its a TV show. Yeah, I know. But it promotes bad behavior and it makes women look stupid. Its got to go. Its got all these women, you know, all these women gathered, trying to all vie for this one little shitty dude. And hes actively dating all of them right in front of your face. And you know hes sleeping with all of em. And the women just standing around like… When is he gonna fuck me? When do I get my one-on-one? I have more respect for strippers than I do for women who go on The Bachelor. I do. What the hell? And then they try to make it like its some fairy tale. You know. With the rose ceremony. Oh, if he wants you to stay, hell give you a rose. I say bullshit. I want them to show it for what it is. Instead of the rose ceremony, I want them to line all the women up… and if he wants you to stay, he will tap you on your forehead. With his dick. Oh, yes! Yes! Im staying! Im staying, yeah! You know, yall, I really thought I knew my country. I was like, I really… I was like, I know America. I know who we are. Right? I really thought that. But nope. It fooled me. When it was confirmed that Russia indeed attacked us… They… They interfered with our election. – Thats right. – I said, Oh, shit, here we go. Here comes the America I know and love. Here we go. ‘Cause this is what we do. When we are attacked, we stop the bullshit and we unite. Thats what were supposed to do, right? Its like when Cardi B is beefing with Nicki Minaj… …and then Taylor Swift pops off. Cardi B and Nicki are like, Okay, Nicki, were gonna put this on pause, right? And lets go drag that ho. Okurrr. But we didnt do that. I was waiting for it. I was like, Oh, shit, here come the crazy. Here we go. I thought for sure… I was like, Uh-oh, there aint gonna be no more Russian salad dressing. We gonna to start booing Russian hockey players. I was like, Oh, boy. Ubers gonna be missing a whole lot of drivers. But no, none of that happened. Im like, Yall, Russia attacked us. And everybodys like, Yeah, but have you had a Moscow Mule? They are delicious. Its like… Its like weve forgotten history. Russia hates us. We broke up the Soviet Union. We broke up the Soviet Union. We gave them Boris Yeltsin. Boris Yeltsin was a drunk. He was a big embarrassment as a president for them. But it makes sense now. We gave them Boris Yeltsin. They paid us back with Trump. Forget that. We forget all about that shit. And Russia, they sneaky. Them some sneaky motherfuckers. Who else would think of those little stacking dolls? What the fuck is that? All those damn nesting dolls. Thats some sneaky shit. Oh, heres another one. Open it again. Its another one! And another one! And another one! Okay, this is the last one, right? God damn, theres another one! Yall are some sneaky motherfuckers. God damn! Theres another one! Wait, this is the last one? This the last one? Wait a minute. Ooh, is this the pee-pee tapes? Sneaky. But Russia, they knew. They knew how to attack us. They know our weakness. Race. Yes. Thats our Achilles heel. Race. Thats it. So they brought out Trump to rally the racists. Exactly what they did. That fucking wall… That wall is racist. That wall is… It aint about protecting your borders. It aint about protecting our borders. Hell tell you, Oh, well, we want the wall cause it keeps out all the gangs and the… and the opioid crisis. Yeah. Thats a message to white people. Thats for white people. Opioid crisis. Because of racism, black people, we dont even get our hands on opioids. They dont even give em to us. White people get opioids like theyre Tic Tacs. It amazes me how many opioids you motherfuckers have. Im at work, Im sitting in a writers room with a bunch of white people, right? And Im like, Damn, I got a headache. White people start pulling out all kind of pills and shit. Just fucking loose pills in Ziploc bags. Would you like an oxycodone? I got oxycodone. No, she should take a Percocet. She should take a Percocet. Oh, other girl over there preparing a needle. Give me your arm. What the fuck? White people get the opioids. There was a study… Its racism. There was a study and it showed that doctors, they actually prescribe opioids… frequently to white people than they do to blacks. They dont give us opioids. Because they are sympathetic. Theyre like, Oh, this white person, theyre in such pain. I hate to see white people hurting. They cant handle this pain. Let me… Here, let me give you this. Let me give you these opioids. Get that pain away. They dont give us the opioids. Theyre like, Ah, you can take it. Walk it off. I had a double mastectomy. You know what they sent my black ass home with? Ibu-fucking-profen. Shit, to get some opioids, a black person will have to show up in the emergency room holding they own head detached from the body. Uh… uh… Excuse me. Can I get some help out here? My bodys still in the car, but, uh… Got to… Got to treat opioid addicts. You do. Got to treat them. We werent trying to treat crackheads, were we? No, we were capturing crackheads, locking up crackheads. Werent treating them. You didnt see anybody busting down the door of a crack house, boom, Okay, wheres the crackheads? I need to check your blood pressure. Lets all sit in a little crack circle and talk about our feelings. Lets get to the root of this. Pookie, would you like to start first? Racism. We got to deal with it. It is going to be the demise of our country if we dont fucking deal with it. Look, Im from Virginia, right? And whenever I go home… Wait a minute. Off of 95… right outside Chester, Virginia, there is a big, giant Confederate flag. Big Confederate flag. Every time I go home and I pass that flag, it hurts me to my core. It fucking hurts. ‘Cause its racist. Its racist and its wrong. And Im sick of this bullshit of, Well, thats part of my Southern heritage. Well, your heritage is shitty. Its garbage. Your heritage is trash. The atrocities that happened under that flag, are you proud of that shit? – Yeah. – What the fuck? There are so many other things about the South that you can be proud of. Right? Moonshine. Dollywood. Come on. You got to love Dolly Parton and Dollywood. Clay Aiken. Come on. Why dont you tear down those statues and put up a statue of Clay Aiken drinking moonshine, wearing a Dollywood t-shirt? Race means a lot. It does. I think about it a lot, just because of the makeup of my family. Look, Im married to a white French woman and we have two white kids. – Woo! – Yeah. And now white supremacy is on the rise. And Im living with a house full of white people. I took them to DC over Thanksgiving break. I took them to DC and we went to the museum, the National Museum of African-American History and Culture. Yeah. Oh, beautiful museum. Im telling you, you got to go. If youre in DC go to this museum. Seriously. Yeah. I see the white people are like… Its gonna make me sad. I dont want to be sad. Oh. It made me proud. It made me proud. Yeah. It just reaffirmed what I always knew. I was like, I can do anything. I can do anything. To come from people who survived all that shit and we still here and kicking it, Im like, Pff, I can do anything. Yeah. I can… I can do anything. I know this. And thats why you dont see a lot of black folks on, like, those survival-type reality shows. We dont need to fuck around like that. Man Vs. Wild, Doomsday Preppers. No, thank you. We leave that for yall. Black folks can get the same exhilaration just by driving around on expired tags. But one of my favorite ones to watch is Naked and Afraid. Thats the best one. If you havent seen Naked and Afraid, treat yo self. They take a man and a woman and they drop them off on some uninhabitable island or, you know, desert or Florida and, uh… You know, like the Everglades. You know, the swamps. Yeah. They drop them off in there. They got to get butt naked and they have to survive for 21 days. And they get to bring one item. Usually, the guy shows up with some crazy knife or custom-made ax or something. And the woman, she shows up with, like, fishing nets or maybe a fire starter. But there was this one episode, this guy showed up with his ax and this woman showed up with a fucking magnifying glass. The look on his face said it all. Like… Magnifying glass? Like… Bitch, what you think? We out here solving crimes? What the hell? I love that show. There was an episode that stood out, because it was a black guy on the show. Yeah. This black guy… hes paired up with this nice little white lady from North Dakota, right? They drop em off on this island… and they were… Things were going great, right? So after, like, day three… the white ladys like, Oh, Ronald, hes a good team player and, uh, man, like, the bugs and everything, just nothing is bothering him. Nothing is affecting him out here, so I think were gonna be good. He keeps to himself, but I think were gonna be okay. Two days later, you find out that Ronald is homeless. Yeah. These assholes booked a homeless man to go on Naked and Afraid. So no wonder nothing was affecting him. He got on that island, he thought he was at Sandals. He was like, Oh, shit. Yeah. I can do this. This is nice. That lady went home. She tapped out. She was like, I quit. Im going home. She was like, I dont think hes ever gonna leave. They booked a homeless man to go on Naked and Afraid. That tells me that there was no black people in the room. When they made that decision, a black person was not present, cause theyd have been like this, Wait a minute, you booking a black… Are you out of your damn mind? Thats fucked up. Yeah. You need a black friend. You need a black friend. Its 2019. If you dont have a black friend… youre the problem. But if you dont have one, I understand. I understand. Its scary. It is. Because of how weve been portrayed. Right? Black people have always been portrayed as sinister, menacing, a threat. Yeah. I dont know if youve heard about this story in Chicago. A black security guard, right, at a club… There was a shooting. The black security guard apprehended the shooter. The cops show up, shoot the black security guard. Yeah. ‘Cause all they saw was a black man. Why cant we be the good guy? – Right. – Yes! Black people, we need a better publicist. No, fuck that. We need a publicist. I want the publicist that the white guys use. That publicist kicks ass. That publicist is the best. ‘Cause they know how to spin it. Even when white guys fuck up, they can spin it… in a way you wont think, Oh, all white guys are fucked up. No. ‘Cause they make them individuals. You know, crazy white guy shoots up a movie theater, they give you his backstory. Right? They tell you where he went to school. Oh, he was a loner. They put a picture up in the news of him thats so sympathetic. Im watching news, Im like, Oh, man… He shoulda called me. We need a better publicist. Yeah, I want a campaign. A campaign for black people. Right? How about, like, some billboards all across the country of black people just doing fun, non-threatening, frivolous shit? Just black people just, like, bowling. How about some slogans? You know, like Toys for Tots. How about a good slogan for black people? Hey, lets get black to business. I like that. Or, maybe, you know, something environmental, like show black people just taking out the recycling can, you know, like… Were black, but were green. You need a black friend. Get a black friend, youll learn some shit. Like, heres an easy one. You should know this one. Never touch a black womans hair. Yes. Never… touch a black womans hair. I dont give a fuck if she has a tarantula sitting on her head. You… Let it bite her. Heres another one. Heres another one Ill give yall. White people, you go and you get a tan. You get a nice tan, you been on vacation. Do not go back to your job and go up to your black coworker… Hey, Denise. Im almost there. Hey, girlfriend, Im almost there. We hate that shit. And we secretly wish bad black shit happens to you when you do it. Im almost there. Mm-hmm. I hope you get sickle cell. I know some of yall are like, Well, Wanda, what about black people who dont have white friends? Im okay with that. A lot of trust has been broken. But I do encourage them. I do. I say, Come on, guys, lets break this up. Come on. Spread out. Open it up a little bit. You know, I tell them, Ease into it. Start off with a Puerto Rican. Theyre cool. Come on. Look, Im learning a lot. Im learning a lot from my white family. I am. You know? And you know what? Yeah… People always say, Because, Wanda, were all the same. No, were not. Were not all the same. Were different. But were equal. Were different. But were equal. And thats the thing. Thats what we have to respect. Like, Im learning things from my family. Im learning how to play. Oh, cause black people dont play. We dont play. Some of the first things that we were taught as kids, right? Youre over there, acting up. Your parents tell you, Hey, better stop playing. Oh, you think Im playing with you? Keep playing here. Keep playing, keep playing. Learning how to play. White people play all the time. Just make up shit. You dont even know what youre playing. Just play. I had to learn this. Like, we had a birthday party over the weekend, so, during the week, you know, theres still some balloons floating around. I get up Monday morning, Im coming downstairs, my son takes a balloon, kicks it, and it hits me right in the face. First thing I do, Boy, you better stop playing. He laughs, he takes another balloon, kicks it… almost knocks my glasses off. Im like, Oh, Lucas, you think Im playing with you? Keep playing with me. Keep playing with me, hear? My wife hears me yelling. She runs into the living room. Baby, whats the problem? Quest-ce qui se passe? Ça va? Ça va? No. No its not ça va! You want to know what… Ill tell you what happened. Uh, Lucas here just kicked me in the face… And now Im hearing myself. Uh… Uh, Lucas kicked me in the face… uh, with the balloon, uh… I havent had coffee yet, okay? First… And he did it twice. Twice. And, uh… And, uh, you know, it was that little knot part, the knot part on the balloon. You know, that little knot in the balloon? Yeah, that knot part hit me right… You… You were playing, huh? You were playing. Im sorry, baby. I… I didnt know you were playing. Okay, stop crying. Stop crying. Its okay. All right. You got to let me know were playing or something. I didnt know, right? So then my wife just looked at me like I was an asshole. He goes off to school and shes like, What is your problem? Why did you… I said, Look, first of all, you need to take it down a notch, all right? You aint gonna be in my face like this, okay? And, second of all, I behaved the way I was supposed to behave, okay? All right? Im a black woman, all right? I come downstairs in my living room and this little white boy kicks me in the face. Just saying. But I felt bad. I did feel… I did. I felt bad. I did. So what I… So what I did, when he came home from school, I had all the balloons lined up. Oh, I was ready for his ass. Soon as he walked in the door, I was like, Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! You want to play? You want to play? Boom, boom, boom! I took care of him. All kind of shit. All kind of shit. Im learning were different. Yeah. I was on my way home from, uh… I was on my way home, right? Im in the car. And my wife, she calls me in the car. Shes like, Babe, uh… on your way home, uh, could you stop at the pharmacy and pick up this stuff? Its called RID. Uh… Theres a problem at the school with the lice and the kids have the lice. Im like, What? Lice? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The kids have the lice, I have the lice, you have the lice. No, I dont. No, I dont. Thats some white shit. Shes like, No, its a little bug in your hair. Mm-mm. No, no, no, no. We dont do that. I would choke the shit out of a lice. We dont… Thats you and your inferior scalp. We dont do that. Shes like, Will you pick it up? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Ill pick it up. And put it in the mailbox. I aint coming in that lice-y ass house. I aint coming in. Ill be at Sabrinas. Mm-mm. Then I thought, Am I being ignorant? Maybe Im being ignorant about this thing. Right? So I called my friend, you know, she has a bunch of kids and stuff. I was like, Hey, look, um, have you or any of your kids ever had a lice issue? She went, Nah, girl, thats some white shit. I was like, Thats what I thought. Thats what I thought. I knew it. I knew it. Mm-hmm. I was gonna Google it, but I figured, no, I knew, knew what Im talking about. Knew that. We get different shit, different stuff. Yeah. When I was in fifth grade, I got mononucleosis. Yeah. Yeah, we had just moved. White neighborhood. And I got mononucleosis. Im not saying white people gave me mononucleosis, but… I just got it. But the fun part was listening to my mother trying to explain it to her mother. Yeah. So my mothers on the phone, like, Hey, Mama, how you doing? Look, Imma need you to come up here and stay with us for a few weeks. Wandas sick. Hm? Um… Shes got mo… Mononu… Hm. Lord Jesus. Uh, shes got mo… Shes got tuberculosis. Mm-hmm. Yeah, shes got the TB. Mm-hmm. Yeah, no. I got Vicks. I got the Vicks. Ill put the Vicks on her. Thatll do. The Vicks. We put Vicks on everything. Yes. Love the Vicks. I remember the first time I introduced Vicks to my little French family. You would have thought I poured acid on them. My daughter had a bad chest cold, right? So… So I heard the rattling. She was sleeping, but I could hear the rattle, so I was like, Oh, Wanda, get your Vicks. So I got my Vicks. I go in her bedroom, you know… open up my Vicks. I start putting a little bit on her, on her chest. Right? She wakes up… Mommy-boo, youre burning me! Im like, No, no, baby, its just Vicks. Its Vicks. Itll open up the thing. Maman! Maman, vite, vite! Vite, Maman! Mommy-boo is burning me. Im like, Olivia, Im not burning you, sweetheart. Its just Vicks. Its Vicks VapoRub. Itll open this up. My wife comes in the room, Baby, what is the problem? Oh, my eyes! Oh! Baby. Oh. Olivia… Ferme les yeux, Olivia. Oh, ferme tes yeux, Olivia. Oh, close your eyes, Olivia, please. Oh, baby, why are you burning us? What are you doing? Im like, Its just Vicks! Yall cant handle Vicks? Vicks! I was so pissed. I was like, Yall have cheese thats stronger than Vicks. One of my first trips to Paris, right, Im at her mothers house, were having dinner, they pass around the cheese plate. Wanda, tu veux du fromage? Non, merci. Because I want to know… who just shit themselves at this table. So were just gon sit here like this is not happening, huh? Cest qui qui fait caca dans leur pantalon? Thats what I want to know. Dont make me get up and just go around check everybody. Is that what we doing? Different. But, you know, like, all Im doing, man, Im just trying to, like, raise my kids like how I was raised. Thats what Im doing, just raising my kids like how I was raised. You know? Yeah. Didnt turn out so bad. Right? And, oh, boy, I lotion em up good. You should see em. Oh. They be glistening, man. They hate it. My wife is like, Why? Why all the lotion, the crème? Pourquoi la crème? I say, ‘Cause I dont want some little ashy-ass kids. I get their legs, everything. I lotion em up. They leave the house shiny, boy. I bet you even little black kids at school are looking at them like, Oh, here come them greasy twins. Here come the greasy twins. Were all different, man. I feel different. I dont even know who I am anymore. Yeah. Going through menopause right now. Im sorry. Did you say sorry? Yeah, yeah. Its the worst. Oh, my God, the hot flashes. Woo. The hot flashes are the worst. Theyre crippling. All of a sudden, you just flop sweat. Sometimes, I feel like Im going to pass out. Theyre awful. Theyre awful. Theres no way in the world men would put up with hot flashes. No way in the world. I think if a man had two hot flashes… they would blow the sun up. Youd go out and they got the missile pointed to the sun. Hey, what are yall doing? Oh… Bob got hot. Did you, Bob? Yeah, yeah. Just… poof. It seemed like it started in my balls and just my balls got hot and just… Poof. It was awful. Were gonna turn that off. Cool it down. Cool it down. What the hell? I mean, ladies, come on. What kind… We got a shitty hand that we were dealt, right? Is it a design flaw? What the fuck? Okay, so let me get this straight. This is our plight, right? Okay, so when youre young, youre fertile, youre producing eggs, youre bringing life into the world, right? Youre bringing life into the world. And then you get older, no more eggs. You cant bring any more life into the world… so they just set you on fire. What kind of shit is that? You know, Ive always said, you know what, the older I get, the less I care. But you know what? Theres science behind that. Theres science behind that. Yeah. Because, when youre young, right, your body is producing estrogen. Now, estrogen, thats that hormone that makes you compassionate, makes you empathetic. Makes you say sorry all the damn time for no reason. Ladies, you know how many times we say sorry for no reason? Like, even when its not your fault. Like, youre at the grocery store, somebody runs into your ankle with the grocery cart and youre like, Ooh, ooh, sorry, my ankle was in your way. Thats that estrogen. And then, when you get older… it drastically reduces. Youre not producing estrogen like that anymore. Yeah. So its not the older you get, the less you care. Its the older you get, youre just becoming a man. Thats why you dont give a fuck. And becoming a man indeed. Oh, my God. If I go four days without tweezing… …I could have a nice situation going on right here. The other day, I pulled a hair out of my neck that was so long… I thought my neck was growing bangs. I was like, What the fuck is this? Ah! How long has this been here? I can see it out the corner of my eye. Ah! My metabolism just shut down. Oh, my God. I got a nice gut going on. Ugh. Yeah, Esther is out of control. Woo! Yes, I call her Esther. When I was in my forties, I got this little fat roll. I just named it. That was Esther. And now Esther is spreading. Esther is roaming around my body. Esthers all creeping around my back, like, Mm, whats back here? Lets see whats back here. Hey. And she wants to eat everything. You know? And, you know, when you get older, your digestive system changes. I cant eat a bunch of junk, like greasy food and shit like that. Thatd tear me up. But Esthers… We sitting there watching TV, commercials come on, and Esthers like, Mmm. Lets live a little. Lets go get some of them Taco Bell Nacho Fries. I was like, Aint no way in the world I can eat some Nacho Fries. If I got some Taco Bell Nacho Fries, I would have to eat them in the parking lot of the urgent care. I caught my wife eyeballing Esther the other day. That didnt feel good at all. We were getting ready for bed, you know, brushing our teeth. You know, brushing my teeth. Ive got an electric toothbrush and the jiggling from brushing my teeth just kind of… resonated on down, so Esther was just… And I saw my wife look over like… I was like, Uh-oh, uh-oh. But its okay. Esther cant stand her either. Esther was like, What the fuck you looking at, Frenchie? Dont worry, one day, you gonna get a little Estelle. Bonjour, Estelle. Its the worst. Whiskers, weight gain, hot flashes. I know, one day, TMZ, theyre going to catch me standing in the frozen food section with no pants on and a full beard. But I wont give a fuck. Ill be like, My balls were hot. But, you know, theres help, you know. Theres a solution. Like, a lot of women, they just take the estrogen. Just take the hormone. But, see, I cant take the estrogen. I cant take the hormone because of the type of breast cancer I had. Yeah. But the irony of it all is like when… You know, because I curse and stuff. When people say to me, Hey, Wanda, would it kill you to be a little more ladylike? I go, Yes. It would. It really would. Im snoring now. Thats different, yep. Snoring. You know, my wife, boy, God bless her, putting up with it. You know, cause, at first, it started off with just some deep breathing, you know. Just like… And then it quickly escalated to… How do I know? Because my wife records it. That doesnt feel good. That doesnt feel good. Yeah. ‘Cause, you know, like, during the day, Ill get, like, a text message from my wife with an audio file. And I get all excited. Im like, Oh, my baby loves me. She even… Its bad. ‘Cause, you know, you wake up in the middle of the night and shes out of the bed. Im like, Uh-oh. I got to go look for her. Like, Ooh, did she leave me this time? Whats going on? Oh, no, okay, shes over there with the kids. All right, okay. Cool, cool. Yeah. You know, she wears the earplugs, and that doesnt help. So she was like, You know what, babe? I think maybe if I take, like, some Ambien or something, that could help. Im like, No, no, no. You cant take Ambien, because, you know, those drugs, youll wake up and do things you dont even know youre doing. You know, like suffocating me to death. I dont want to wake up chewing on a pillow. Or shes shoving Vicks down my throat. Argh! So I was like, Let me check with my doctor. So I went to the doctor. I was like, you know, I got to do something, man. I got to do something about this. And he was like, Well, you know, first, you got to lose some weight, Wanda. And Esther was like, Fuck you, I want some Nacho Fries! Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry. And he goes, You know what? You could stop drinking. What else you got? And he goes, You know what, Wanda? I want to test you for sleep apnea. I want to test you for sleep apnea, because judging from the recordings, uh… Oh, man, thats fucked up. He said, Yeah, I think you have sleep apnea. So Im like, No, no, I dont want to take that test, because if, uh, I have sleep apnea, then youre going to put me on one of those CPAP machines. I said, I cant do that. You know, my wife is ten years younger than I am. I cant be in the bed with a fucking Darth Vader mask on. You know? Looking like an astronaut or shit. I cant… You know, I said, Its bad enough Im already in the bed, you know… hot flashes with a gut and a beard coming in. Now you want me in the bed with that mask on? Do you want to sit on my face? Thank you, New York! Yes! Thank you.

ANTHONY JESELNIK@FIRE IN THE MATERNITY WARD@2019@Now… my best friends wife is a born again Christian, and we do not get along at all. The other day, she called me up to yell at me, saying Im a terrible influence on her husband because he called her a bad name. I said, What? Did he call you a bitch? She said, No, Anthony. He did not use the B word. I said, Uh-oh. Did he call you a cunt? She said, No. I said, Well, then he didnt hear it from me. Yeah, thats pretty much the greatest opening joke of all time. Because even if youve never heard of me before, which I doubt… you listen to that first joke, youre like, Oh I get it. Hes fucking brilliant. My sister just had a baby. My sister had a baby to try to save the relationship. But I still dont talk to her. Guys, this is gonna take forever. -Um… Life can be funny sometimes, all right? Like, I cant get into details right now. But earlier this week, I received the single greatest phone call of my life. And then just five minutes later, I got another call telling me that my dad is in the hospital. I said, Yeah, I just heard. I mean, look, I dont want to give you guys the wrong impression, you know. I didnt hate my father. My father wasnt a bad guy. For instance, I never once, not once, not ever, ever saw my dad hit my mother. I mean, he was quick and you cant… you cant teach speed. That comes from here. I remember when I was 13, my mom got diagnosed with Parkinsons and my dad just gave up immediately. Said, I cant deal with this, I cant live like this, and packed up his car. So, as a 13-year-old boy, I had to be the one to roll up my sleeves and say, Okay. Guess Im going with Dad. Sounds like Mom needs some alone time. I think, like a lot of guys…. Ill never forget the one time I saw my dads penis. I said, Dad, dont text me shit like that. When I was a kid, my family used to move around a lot. But now theyre all fat as fuck. To give you an idea… To give you all an idea of how crazy my family is, Im not even the biggest asshole in my own family. I have this cousin. Everybody hated this cousin, my own family hated this cousin. And then a couple of years ago, my cousin fell off of a horse and broke his neck. We all refer to that as the Superman incident. Because that horse is a hero. When I was in high school, my high school employed a blind janitor. One hundred percent totally blind. And all the other kids would joke around that he went blind from masturbating too much. And at the time, I believed that. I was just a kid, I didnt know any better. It wasnt until I got older, wiser, I realized thats just an old wives tale they used to use to… try to explain why he was always masturbating. One of my good friends is a narcoleptic. A narcoleptic. Its the craziest shit. One minute, were having a conversation, like, everything is completely normal. And then the next thing I know, Im having sex. Its… Did everybody get that one? If you didnt get that last joke, dont worry. This next joke is just like it. Only dumb. One of my old friends from high school now works as a doctor in the emergency room. He once told me that 25% of his job is pulling strange objects out of peoples asses. We dont talk much anymore. But I see him all the time. If you didnt get either joke, how did you figure out Netflix? I live in Los Angeles. Like you fucking wish you could. Yeah! I like my place. Im not that crazy about my neighbors. Like, I live on the same street as three different families of Jehovahs Witnesses. And no matter how many times I tell them, No, absolutely not, they still come by twice a week and say, Anthony, please stop throwing rocks at our houses. Dont push your religion on me. And theyre not even the worst of my neighbors. One of my next-door neighbors is a 90-year-old man suffering from Alzheimers. And every single morning at 9 a.m. he knocks on my door, and he asks me if I have seen his wife. Which means… that every single morning at 9 a.m. I have to explain to a 90-year-old man suffering from Alzheimers that his wife has been dead for quite some time. Now, I have thought about moving. I have thought about just not answering my door in the morning, but to be honest, its worth it just to see the smile on his face. Yeah, for some reason, that jokes a crowd-pleaser. My grandmother is suffering from dementia right now. She forgets who she is, wanders out of the house and gets lost for hours. Its a problem. So what I did… is I tied a bell around her neck. Sounds inhumane, sure. But problem solved. I mean, that thing is… really heavy. If youre not laughing right now… …the problem is your imagination. Dont get mad at me cause you dont know how big bells can get. I remember, like, a couple weeks after my grandfather died, my father discovered a giant trove of vintage pornography. Frankly, an embarrassing amount of vintage pornography. So I blamed it on Grandpa. My grandfather died a couple of years ago. But he died like a king. No one was even mad. My grandfather died in what has to be the best way possible. My grandfather died in a hammock, on a beach in Hawaii during a sunset. Thats how I want to go out. Strangled to death. It just seems like fun. You know, sometimes… Sometimes I wonder if I could kill someone. Like, do I have it in me to take a human life? And then I remember… Oh, yeah, Debbie. How do you… How do you forget Debbie? She was special. Speaking of special, went to the doctor a couple of weeks ago, found that Im special. Went to the doctor, took a blood test. My results came back. Doctor told me my blood type is O-negative. You know what that means? Means Im the fucking best. Means Im a universal donor. Means I can give my blood to anyone else in the world who also has AIDS. Uh-huh. I am not afraid to say this, I hate pretty much every single religion in the world. -Let me repeat that. I hate pretty much every single religion in the world. Did you know theres a religion called Christian Science, where they believe that even if their own children are sick and dying and all they need to save their lives is a little bit of medicine, their beliefs wont let them give their own children that medicine. Thats the only good religion. I was like, Get me a cup that I can put toothbrushes in. All right, guys, listen, jokes are all well and good. Id like to take a couple of minutes right now and talk about something that is important to me. And I will preface this by saying theres a lot of people right now who say that stand-up comedians should just stick to comedy, and not talk about anything else. I disagree. I think that stand-up comedy doesnt always have to be funny. Stand-up comedy doesnt always have to be entertaining. Sometimes, its about speaking truth to power. Sometimes, its about pointing out wrongs in the world, even though it might not be popular. So please, indulge me. With all the terrible things going on in America right now, and you know exactly what Im fucking talking about… With all the terrible things going on in this country right now, the thing that drives me the most crazy are the people who see all this awful stuff happening, and they still flip out over the little things. My biggest pet peeve in America today are people will see all this horrible stuff going on and yet they still overreact to shit that just does not matter. For example… have you ever dropped a baby? Holy shit, do people overreact! You drop a baby in America today, I swear people hit the roof before the baby even touches the floor. And its not a big deal. How do I know? Because I do it all the time. In fact, I dont think Ive ever held a baby… to completion. And you might be thinking, Anthony, how could you drop a baby? You ever held a baby? How could you not? Its so easy. Its a two-step process. Maybe less. Should you ask, Anthony, why would anyone ever let you hold their baby? The answer is simple. Negligence. I love it. Its a hobby. The only negative, the only drawback, as far as Im concerned: the embarrassment. People try to shame you when you drop their baby… …even though I almost always make it look like an accident. Thats why this is so great. You ever do this? You ever drop a baby… and then scoop it right back up before anybody sees you? No shit, -best feeling in the world. You just hand the baby back and no one is the wiser. Especially… not that baby. Happened to me just last weekend. I was at a party. One of my friends come up and said, Anthony, I got to go to the bathroom. Will you hold my baby? And I tell the truth. Im always a hundred percent honest. I say, Yeah… for a little bit. Held that baby 30, 45 seconds, a personal best. Dropped the baby. Scooped it right back up before anybody saw me. And it was close too. Had to run down three flights of stairs. Ill be honest, I dont really understand how the legal system works in this country. I think its unfair, needlessly confusing. Ill give you an example. One of my next-door neighbors kids is climbing a tree on their property. Falls out of the tree and lands on my fence. Now Im being told Ive got to get myself a lawyer… if I want to keep my half of the kid. How is that fair? And whos going to reimburse my taxidermy? I have a two-year-old nephew. Two years old, already been to the hospital 27 times for eating pennies off the floor. What the fuck? Honestly… its like I cant drop enough pennies. Im gonna blow your minds right now. Im gonna blow your minds out the back of your heads. You ready? I dont like kids. Theres this nine-year-old girl. Tiny little nine-year-old girl. Tiny little nine-year-old girl lives in my neighborhood… with a glass eye. Scares the shit out of me. Terrifies me to my very core. Anytime she sees me, she just fucking chases me around. Until she gets her eye back. It is the worst… Now, thats a fun joke for you guys, Ill explain why. Its got incredible value. Its two laughs for the price of one. You get to laugh at what I said, which was hilarious. And then you get a second laugh when you picture me… …stealing a childs glass eye. And most people when they picture it, they see me just running up and snatching it out of her head and running away. Wrong. You dont want to just snatch out somebodys glass eye. You know why? Because if you guess wrong… You guess wrong, now its not just a funny prank anymore. Now youre in some trouble. In fact, thats how she lost the eye in the first place. What you want to do, if youre ever in this situation… …hit her on the back of the head, not hard. Its a child, you dont want to hurt it. Just hard enough to… get that sweet glass eye. I find that the older that I get, the more women get upset when you talk about kids. I dont mean joke about kids, I mean they get upset when the subject of children is brought up. Like, I have a friend who just found out she cant have kids… according to Child Protective Services. Hey, did you guys know… Did you guys know the average person eats nine spiders whenever I cook for them? I dont know if you guys know what a false premise is, but… I have this cat. I think it must have been a stray cat because anytime it gets outside, it immediately runs off, kills something, drags it back in, and leaves it at my feet. Ive had this thing for, like, a month and I swear we have got… quite the competition going. I dont even like cats, if Im being honest. More a dog guy, me. I used to have a Great Dane. You guys know what a Great Dane is? One of those big, tall, skinny dogs. Marmaduke was a Great Dane, Scooby-Doo. They call them the heartbreaker breed, because they normally only live up to eight years, but with the right diet, exercise, attention… I got it down to four. It was great. It was the perfect college dog, it really was. Oh, you think I cant tell one more animal joke? Well, fuck you. Listen to this… When I was a little kid, I had a pet turtle. Tiny little turtle, kept him in an aquarium. Then one summer, I went away to camp. While I was gone at camp, the turtle died. When I got home, my dad lied to me. He said, Anthony, your turtle is alive and well. It just went to go live with your mother. And I believed that. Till a couple of days later, I was digging around in the backyard… found my moms body. Worst day of my life. I loved that turtle. Now, listen. Look, guys. I know, I know, I am aware that I must seem like a tough, cold son of a bitch up here. In fact, the only time Ive ever cried in public in my entire life was at my moms funeral. I might be a tough, cold son of a bitch, but that doesnt mean Im not also… one hell of an actor. My mom was a depressed woman. My mom was a very depressed woman. My mom was so depressed, she had the words in case of an accident, please do not resuscitate tattooed… across all of her children. Id say my moms funeral was like ten, eleven years ago now. Last year, I had her body dug up… to settle a legal dispute with my siblings. Turns out I was wrong. That is illegal. – -You cant just… You cant just do that. No. Now, at this point, I should admit my parents were actually pretty reasonable people when they were raising me. Unless they found drugs in my bedroom. Oof… Then they were high for days. I think the strangest thing in my family, my family was just weird about sex, you know. I was the oldest of five kids in a tiny little house. When my parents wanted alone time, they would gather us together, say, Kids, go play hide and seek, and theyd lock their bedroom door for an hour. Of course, I always knew what was going on in there. I mean… I would hide in their room. My parents were weird about sex, you know. I think the most embarrassed Ive ever been in my entire life was the time my mom and dad caught me watching hardcore bondage pornography… over their shoulder. And Ill never forget… Ill never forget the first time I had sex. You know those stories you hear, about kids who lose their virginity to the hot babysitter? I was the babysitter. Yeah, I could have opened with that if I wanted to. I dont like racism. Thank you. I dont get it. Why would you hate? Why would you choose to hate? Why would you choose to hate an entire group of people, just because of the way they all behave? I dont know about yall. Seems pretty narrow-minded to me. Now, racism, of course, is… starting to become a problem in this country. I was doing some research. Found out one of my family members used to own slaves. I couldnt believe it. My own brother. I did even more research. Went even deeper into this bit, found this out. This is a fact. Do you guys know there are actually more slaves in the world today than at any other point in time? A higher number of slaves in the world right now than any other period in history. You think your job is bad? Imagine… counting slaves. If youre not laughing at this one, I dont know what the fuck to tell you. Im not trying that joke out, I am showing off. Now, I, of course, do not consider myself to be a racist person, but I get mad when people tell me that I cant understand racism. I understand racism just fine. I once got beaten up by a pack of skinheads. Beat the shit out of me. I was in the hospital for a week, and it was a… a brutal initiation. Now, we like to have fun. But in all seriousness, you do have to be very careful telling ironically racist jokes once you get to my level. When youre a bad comedian, you can say whatever you want. I mean, thats true freedom. Youve seen those losers, they can fly. Once you get to my level, now youve got a responsibility, you know? Like, I once told an ironically racist joke on television. The next day, I got a fan letter from a white supremacist in Jacksonville, Florida. Bone-chilling. He just started praising me. Thank you so much, Anthony. Thank you for not denigrating the great white race. Thank you for making fun of all the other races the way that it should be. And can I pay you $100,000, come down to Jacksonville, Florida, do a private show just for me and my white supremacist buddies. I wrote him back right away. And I said, Absolutely not. You are against every single thing that I stand for, you cheap piece of shit. Look, I mean, I consider myself to be a modern man. I try to be tolerant of all different races, cultures, religions. Not so much religions, but the other two for sure. But Im not always at my best. Sometimes I make mistakes. For example, every single day… Every single day in Los Angeles, my Latino neighbor tries to talk to me. I dont understand shit. Nine times out of ten, I am polite. I smile and I nod, but the other day, the other day, I was tired, I was hungover, Id smoked some pot, Id taken a handful of pills… …and I was not at my best. And I just snapped. And I said, Hey, asshole. This is America. I dont speak sign language. Now, that… that… is a fun joke from me. You think Im about to make fun of Latinos, I take a hard left. Smack the shit out of the deaf… …for almost no reason. Guys, things like that just make me happy. Theres not a lot in life that always makes me happy. One thing, one thing that always makes me happy. I love it when I see this. I love it when old married couples… I love it when old married couples die really close together. I love that. I will clip that out of the newspaper every time I see it. To me, there is just nothing more romantic than a good old-fashioned murder-suicide. True. In fact… now that Im saying this out loud, its probably more accurate just to say that I love murder-suicide. Because I do. I mean, dont get me wrong, guys, I like all of the suicides. But murder-suicides my favorite. I have friends who worry about me. Theyll say, Anthony, why are you so into suicide? You have everything. Yeah. Everything but a successful suicide attempt. I think I got really into suicide just after college, when I worked at a suicide hotline. Just for a couple of days. Day and a half, really, they got rid of me pretty quick. They said, Anthony, weve got to let you go. Half the people you talk to… …end up committing suicide. I said, Guys, thats hardly fair. Most of those were wrong numbers. My point… My point here is this: that you should all trust me. You should all believe me when I tell you that I know my suicide and murder-suicide number one forever. ‘Cause what else you got? Doctor-assisted suicide? Get that weak shit out of here. Fucking kidding me? Teen suicide? Teen suicide? No. College is important. Im all about… Im all about murder-suicide. Murder-suicides the best. You guys seem like you dont believe me. Thats okay. Im a pro. Watch me sell this. You hear your friend Jeff just committed suicide. Your only thought is devastation. Oh, my God, what could I have done to save my friend Jeff? You hear your friend Jeff killed his wife and then himself. You just think, Yikes, Jeff doesnt fuck around, huh? Holy shit, Jeff! I didnt know the big guy had it in him. Should have shown Jeff more respect back in the day. Jeff was a boss. He wasnt cleaning that shit up. That… is just one reason… …why murder-suicide is so great. Guys, listen to me. Murder-suicide… is practically a victimless crime. You are… You are allowed to kill your wife. You are allowed to kill your husband. Youve got to be married, otherwise you seem nuts, but… …you are allowed to murder your spouse, as long as you just kill yourself immediately afterwards. Then theres nothing they can do. Its even-steven, youre above the law. What the fuck is wrong with this crowd tonight? You trying to tell me there are those among you who are still skeptical? You saying there are people here right now who still dont believe me that murder-suicide is the goddamn cats pajamas? Okay. Then think about it like this. Youre walking down the street. Somebody comes up and punches you in the face. You are going to press charges no doubt. But if youre walking down the street, somebody comes up, punches you in the face, takes a step back, and then punches themself in the face… -Have a good day, sir. Right? You wouldnt even tell your friends about that. Murder-suicide… Shut up! Murder-suicide is a victimless crime as long as you dont leave behind any kids. Got to kill them, too. Thats right, I was going there the whole time. Now, I am going to leave you all with this. And if youve been on the fence about me tonight, one way or another, then please, guys, please… allow me to knock you clean the fuck off. A couple of months ago… A couple of months ago, I took a friend of mine to get an abortion. Get on board right now if you are going to. This is a very long, very true story. I took my friend to get an abortion. Dont worry, guys, wasnt my baby, wasnt important. I dont know if youve ever done that. Ever helped someone to get an abortion. Its a big favor. Its a big favor to do for somebody. Not an easy favor, not an easy favor at all. Dont get me wrong, I am as pro-choice as they come, but still… the whole time Im driving her, Im just thinking to myself, God damn. There has got to be a better way to… come up with new material. And, yes, yes, I did just say Im pro-choice. That does not mean I am pro-abortion. You have other options. If you dont want your baby, you can still have your baby delivered. Leave it outside any fire station in the country… …they will run it over for you. Its true. Its true. Its the law. Far as Im concerned, theyve been heroes since before 9/11. Fun little New York joke for you guys. Now… Now people hear me tell this story and they always say the exact same thing, Wow, Anthony, youre a good friend. You would help someone like that, Anthony. Youre a good friend. Fuck you. No, Im not. Im not a good friend. Im a great friend. You know the difference? Great friends wake up at six in the morning. Great friends drive to your house. Great friends pick you up and then take you to get your abortion. Good friends… Good friends just babysit. Now, I have given this a lot of thought, a lot of thought. And I still dont know if it had been my baby, would I have argued to keep it? I think about that saying they always use, you know, What if your baby turns out to be a great artist someday? I dont need that competition. People ask me, What was it like? What was it like to take your friend to get her abortion? It was boring. I dont know why I thought it was gonna be fun and exciting… …but trust me, the only person more disappointed than me that day was the baby, all right? It was so boring. It was just me by myself for two and a half hours in an abortion clinic waiting room bored out of my mind. I dont know if youve ever been to an abortion clinic waiting room before, but… the magazines are not great. The whole place is filled with kids for some reason. I mean, I thought they were kids. Turns out they were just ghosts. -Theres a difference… …sort of, you know? Yeah, thats the high point of the story. But Im only halfway done. So Im in this waiting room for so long and Im so bored that after a while, my mind just starts to wander, and I start to think about my friend and what shes going through behind those doors. And then almost immediately, I bring it back to myself. And I think, Anthony, what are you going to say to her when she walks out of there? You should think of something nice to say. You should have a plan. Because Im not going to lie to you guys, I blew it when she walked in there. I didnt have anything nice prepared, I didnt have a plan. The doctor called her name, she stood up, turned around to look at me one last time and I panicked. I just went, Um… kill em in there. Im not proud of that, you know? I consider that to be a total failure. Worst part for sure was the fist bump, I know that now. And, yeah, she looked at me like Im an asshole, but… who is she to judge? But now the pressure is on me. Think of something nice for when she walks out of there. But Im not good at that. Thats not my specialty. Thinking up nice things to say to people in their time of need. The closest option I could come up with in my own mind was, Hey, did you lose weight? I know. I know. Look, Im not proud of that either, okay? That is useless. I cant say that to my friend. That is useless. Except for the fact that it made me laugh. And thats when I realized I am chuckling to myself… …in the waiting room… …of an abortion clinic. I catch myself, I stop, I look up. I see a couple sitting straight across from me. The guy looks away in disgust like he wants to fight me. But the woman leans forward and goes, Hey, Anthony, big fan. Which I always appreciate. Never a bad time for that. Literally… …any trimester is good. Couple of minutes later, a nurse walks out, comes right up to me, hands me some paperwork and says, Hey, are you here for Jessicas abortion? And at his point, I was so bored. I just stood up as fast as I could and said, Wait! Dont you mean ultrasound? And then I laughed for quite some time. I mean, really threw my head back on that one. If youre wondering about the nurse, dont worry, she was a total pro, did not laugh at all. So I got a little more time left in this waiting room, and it finally dawns on me, Anthony, youre just a terrible person. And you are never going to think of something nice to say to your friend. So why not just get her a present, get her a gift to make her feel better. That way, you dont have to say anything. But what do you get for someone whos just had an abortion? I had no idea. So I Googled it. You can Google that. It worked. A website popped up and Im glad I looked at it too. It really helped me out. ‘Cause my first thought, commemorative coin, does not exist. -Yeah. Turns out its actually never been a thing. I must have dreamed it. My second thought: flowers. Flowers are always good, right? No, not according to this website. This website said, Do not get her flowers. Flowers are more of a romantic gesture, then shes got to take them home, put them in water. Do not put her through that on this day. According to this website, flowers are the worst gift you can get someone after theyve just had an abortion. Now, I took that advice on the day. I still dont think I believe it. I feel like we can all agree the worst gift you could get someone after theyve just had an abortion would be a to-go box. Think of something worse and Ill change the fucking joke. The answer is to-go box. That would be inappropriate. That would be a real bucket of cold water on abortion day. No. According to this website, theres only one gift. Only one gift is appropriate after someone has just had an abortion. And that is… a succulent. Do you know what a succulent is? ‘Cause I had to Google that shit too. If you dont know, a succulent is a desert plant. Its like a cactus, its a plant that doesnt need water. Its a plant that gets its nutrients from the air. Give her that. I said, Absolutely not. I would never do that to my friend Jessica. I would never be like, Oh, here you go, Jessica. Heres something else you never have to take care of. I would never do that. What am I, a monster? So I didnt get her anything. She eventually walked out from behind those doors. I didnt give her anything, I didnt say anything. I just stood up, I gave her a hug, helped her to the car, drove her home. I sat next to her on her couch, holding her while she cried. I was a great friend that day. Such a great friend that even hours later after shed stopped crying, calmed down and forgotten about the whole thing forever… …I was still there next to her, writing down all these jokes. Now, my favorite part about having a true 15-minute story about taking my friend to get her abortion to end my shows with are the different reactions I get from the audience. Some people laugh, some people cringe, some people get visibly upset. And the truth is, guys, those are all the same to me. But the best reaction, my favorite reaction Ive ever gotten from this story was just a couple of weeks ago. A woman in the back of the theater stands up very confidently and she screams out, Excuse me. Excuse me, Anthony, but what the fuck is so funny about abortion? And I said, Lady, I just told you. Thank you very much, everyone. Youve been a wonderful crowd.

ROY WOOD JR.@NO ONE LOVES YOU@2019@male announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Roy Wood Jr. [cheers and applause] If you want more people to stand for the anthem, change the song. Thats half the problem right there. Its just the lyrics to the anthem. We can stand to any song. Patriotism is a feeling. Lets not forget that. Patriotism aint no one song. As long as we stand and agree that people died for us to kick it, we can do that to any song. You can do that to Bruno Mars. Whats more American than Bruno Mars? They say America is a melting pot. Well, damn it, I want to stand to Bruno Mars. He literally looks like every race at the same time. Whats better than that? Whats more American than us standing with a Hawaiian-Mexican-white- lesbian-Jewish man… To honor the troops? Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please rise as we sing our national anthem, 24 Karat Magic. Remove your hats and put your pinkie rings to the moon at this time. You mad about the damn anthem. Man, please. Lets be real about the anthem. First and foremost, the beat is wack. It dont go hard. You love America, but you aint downloaded the national anthem to your phone. If you was at the club and the DJ started playing the national anthem, youd be like, What the fuck is wrong with this DJ? You aint at the DJ booth, Hey, man, play some of that patriotism shit. Thats what I like. Thats the jam. I understand its supposed to honor the country, but heres the thing people forget about the national anthem. It aint even an original song. It aint original. Its based off a British song. Its the exact same as the British song, and thats what you want people to stand up for? First of all, imagine that. Imagine whupping another country ass, getting your freedom, and then to celebrate your freedom, you write a freedom song based on the song of the country ass you just whupped. That dont even make no sense, and now you running around telling stolen people in a stolen land that they should stand for a stolen song? Come on, bro. That aint how the game go. [cheers and applause] Plus, just be real about it, white people. Yall came at black folks the wrong way. You had bad marketing. If you wanted black people to stand for the anthem, all you had to do was tell us that it was a remix. Thats all you had to do, tell us it was a remix. Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please stand to the remix of National Anthem, featuring Puff Daddy and the Family and Francis Scott Key. Either that or made a dance to it. Hand over your heart. Hand over your heart. Everybody salute the flag. Like, that–black people would stand up in a minute. Man, I love doing the Freedom Slide. Dont you like the Freedom Slide? Hell, yeah. Hand over the heart. Then you salute. Then you– Thats how you do that Freedom Slide, boy. The anthem aint even the most disrespectful thing happening at a football game. The most disrespectful thing is when they bring a troop out, let us clap for him, and paint the illusion that they actually care about the veterans. Thats the real BS. Every game they do that, right. They bring a troop out, let us clap for him, but they dont want to talk about the issues affecting the troop. They bring him out. Ladies and gentlemen, wed like to turn your attention to the field as we welcome home Lieutenant Colonel Commander Fifth General Submarine Driver–hes braver than your bitch ass. Clap for this hero. And we clap, as we should, but do you ever notice– whenever they bring a veteran out at a football game, you ever notice we give them a round of applause. They give them good seats. The one thing they never give them is the microphone. [cheers and applause] You cant do that. Just once, Id love to see a vet just snatch the mic from the PA announcer. Ladies and gentlemen, this brave hero– can we talk about the VA and the homeless? Get the fuck– get your ass over. Now please rise and put your pinkie rings to the moon, as we sing Bruno Mars. Stand for the anthem. You need to stand for that goddamn anthem. Thats what they tell you, right. You need to stand. Do you know how many people trying to get in this country right now? Heres the thing. What youre not gonna do is tell me how to voice my disapproval with something. You cant tell nobody how to complain. That dont make no sense. [cheers and applause] This is how you got to think about it. This is the only way I can try to explain and make it make sense. This is how you got to think about it. America is basically a restaurant. America is a restaurant that sells equality. Thats all it is. They serve equality, and some of yall had some delicious equality. It was good. You had great service. And some of us need to speak to a manager. [cheers and applause] You telling black people to stand for the anthem, thats the same as walking around Applebees, telling people not to complain about they food. How you get to dictate how somebody else complain about they situation? You may as well just walk around Applebees, You need to fucking be happy that you even in this Applebees. You know how many people outside trying to sneak in this Applebees? We had to build a wall around this Applebees. And Id be like, Yo, man, you need to calm your ass down. Get your facts straight. First off, I was at Red Lobster, minding my business. Yall brought us to Applebees. [cheers and applause] Chicago, how you doing? [cheers and applause] Thats whats up. Good to see yall, man. Good to see yall. Good to kick it in the Chi. I had to come. Had to come kick it with yall, man. I was in them trenches with my brother U.S. Floyd, walking around. This bother intervenes with gangs in the fucking city, man. My brothers right here in the building, man, U.S. Floyd. Now, hes dressed like a pimp, so lets excuse that. But in the streets on the South Side, the brother gets respect. He gets respect. And what he does is meaningful work, man. That changed my whole perspective of the world. I saw what he does every day, walking up to gangbangers who mad at other gangbangers. You know how much you got to care about the world to go calm down a stranger? Hey, man, I know something just happened. I know youre ready to murder, but dont murder. Hey, man, dont murder. All right? Good job. Im gonna turn my back on you now. [cheers and applause] Thats real. I dont know what we gonna do between us and the police. This shit is getting hard. Every day, police might get called on you while youre trying to get coffee. Police might get called on you while youre trying to barbecue. Police might get called on you while youre trying to mow the yard, take a nap, sell some water. At this point, if you black, the safest thing you can do every day is just call the police on yourself. I mean, the white people gonna call anyway, so you may as well take the power back. Control the narrative. Thats what Im gonna do every day, call the police and compliment. Say something nice about yourself. Change the perception. 911, whats your emergency? Aint no emergency. Its just a smooth motherfucker headed to Walgreens. Just checking in. Red jacket, white pants. Dont shoot me! All units, be advised, male black, Walgreens. Respond code [imitates radio clicking] I dont know. I dont know what the–I dont know what you do. Move too slow, you might get shot. Move too fast, you might get shot. Dont move, you wasnt obeying commands, you might get shot. Yo, at this point, like, I aint gonna tell yall how to dress every day so you can feel safe, but Im gonna start wearing a cap and gown everywhere I go until things cool off for a little while. You aint never felt threatened by somebody in a cap and gown, not never. Cap and gown is like a wedding dress. You see somebody wearing it, it make you happy. It change your mood. So thats what Ima do. Until we get some real police reform, Im wearing a cap and gown every day with a fucking middle school diploma in my back pocket, a middle school diploma and an engagement ring. Its gonna be the saddest story, cause you aint gonna sweep me under the rug, cause this is whats crazy. We live in a time now where if you get shot on the wrong day, you might not even make it in the news. Theyll sweep your story all the way to the back page. Damn that. Im gonna be on the front page. If the police shot a 40-year-old eighth grader, I promise you, its gonna be a conversation about me. Yall better riot for my ass. And in other news today, police shot a 40-year-old eighth grader. Hes survived by his three ex-wives and six children. Send a prayer for Mr. Charles. Pay cops more money. Money is part of the solution. It aint the only solution, but its part of it. Heres the thing. We love to act like all these good cops just gonna all step up and do the right thing together. Please. Most people dont do the right thing for the right reason. They do the right thing for the right price. Its about the money. And dont get me wrong. Theres plenty of good cops out there, man, but not enough to effect change. You got to do something to incentivize. You got to break bread, and dont tell me you aint got the money to pay cops more. Every time somebody get hit over the head, you got to pay a settlement, so take the money you wouldve paid for a settlement and just put that in the cops pockets, and they might care a little more. At minimum, just set up a snitch fund. Can we do that? Okay, dont pay every cop more, just the cops who snitch on the other cops. Thats who you pay. $100,000. $100,000 per snitch. You got police departments paying $200 million, $300 million a year. You put $100,000 per snitch– I promise you, if you started giving cops $100,000 to snitch on other cops, they would be arresting each other at roll call, immediately. You wouldnt even make it out the police station in the morning. Put your hands up, Sanchez. I saw what you did, Sanchez. I got to get $100,000. Shit, I need $200,000. Arrest me too, Sanchez. We got to go down. Put $100,000 on it. Itll change everything, I promise you. ‘Cause you aint gonna break through that thin blue line just off of morals. Real cops dont snitch on other cops. Real cops stand tall. You ever notice all that brotherhood, fraternity shit? Its for jobs where youre underpaid and nobody appreciates you, so its cop and schoolteacher and military. Its firefighters– its all these jobs where you do dope shit, but no one respects you, so theyve tricked you into thinking that fraternity is a substitute for currency, and it aint. Pay them. Give them some money. [cheers and applause] ‘Cause heres what happens. You start giving cops more money to snitch on each other, its a good-paying job. Anybody with a good-paying job knows. You snitch immediately. Aint no brotherhood in a job that pay you a real wage. People snitch left and right. You ever notice doctors dont stick together? Doctors snitch on each other in a heartbeat. Every year in this country, somebody get the wrong leg chopped off, or the doctor leave a butter knife inside you, it aint a bunch of doctors in the emergency room talking about, Real doctors dont snitch on other doctors. No. That nigga chopped off the leg. Come get his ass. And she gave him too much anesthesia. You get over there with the doctor with your stupid ass. Shit, if you was giving police $100,000 per snitch, Id become a cop. For real, Id be the first millionaire rookie police officer. First day, snitching, everybody. I dont give a damn. Not only would I snitch, Id brag about it. Id be a proud snitch. Id be in the club, VIP, bottles, just… Yeah, girl. Whats up? Id be out there snitching. Whats good, boo? You good? I dont give a damn. Itd be a family tradition. Find out my son going to college, I kick in his door. Whats this shit I hear about you trying to get an education? You aint going to college, boy. Im a snitch, your mamas a snitch, and you gonna be a goddamn snitch. Thats right. You got to make snitching a tradition. You got to make it something flashy. Youve got to show people that doing the right thing isnt something to be embarrassed about. We got to make snitching great again. [cheers and applause] That might not be the best slogan. Ill work on– well workshop that.   But in the meantime, we protest. We do what we can to effect some change. We go out, stand tall. Which I got to say, thank you, white people. Thank yall for showing up a little more to the protests. [scattered applause] Its been nice these last couple years, seeing more white folks out there. You know, cause as a black person, its nice to see somebody else cover your shift. Its a good feeling. You know what Im saying? You be getting ready to go to the march. You see all these white people on TV. Im like, Shit, they got this one. Stay at the crib. I dont have to go walk with all them white people like that. Some of yall over-protest. Yall need to scale it back. Youre doing too much at the marches, and I know why youre over-protesting. Its cause youre determined to show the world that you arent the other people. I understand that, and thats fine, but some of the stuff yall doing is out of line, and its coming back on black people. Its people showing up to protest throwing piss balloons. Yeah, throwing piss balloons at Nazis. Which is hilarious. Its funny. Dont get me wrong. Its funny to throw some piss, but it aint a solution-oriented activity, and most people at the march are out there for solutions. Once you add piss to the conversation, the conversation stops. And dont get me wrong. I respect you. I respect your effort, just scale it back. You got to respect anybody showing up to a protest with a bag of piss. Thats dedication. Thats at least three days planning. ‘Cause you throwing piss, thats not a spur-of-the-moment projectile. Youve got to drink water for a couple days. Youve got to buy party supplies. You need a funnel. Youre eating asparagus. Youre trying to get everything perfect. You know, that asparagus set it off. This is the rule of thumb. This is the rule of thumb for protest behavior. If Dr. King and them didnt do it in the 60s, you aint got to do it now. Okay, you aint got to do all that extra. And if theres anybody that wouldve been justified in throwing piss, its them civil rights soldiers from back in the day cause they was the ones getting done way dirtier than most protests now. They was getting bit by dogs, chased home, house burned, fire hose. Im shocked Dr. King didnt turn to Ralph Abernathy. Give me one of them piss balloons, Abernathy. We got to throw them at the oppressors. Give me another piss balloon. [grunts] You can over-protest. They had a ten-day march not too long ago. A ten-day march. Its too long. A week and a half of just walking. Just walking for a week and a half and they called me thinking Ima roll with the– hey, man, were gonna go down to D.C. Were marching for ten days from Virginia. Can we count on you? I said, No, you cannot. You cannot count on me. Im not marching nowhere for no ten days. Ill click the link. Ill donate some money. You can go march on my behalf. Im not walking nowhere for no ten damn days, and what make you think any black person got ten vacation days to burn just walking? [cheers and applause] We aint got no ten days, not even for freedom. We aint got ten days. Look at the civil rights movement. Most of the key moments you can name in the civil rights movement, most of them was three days or less. Get in, get out, keep your job on Monday. Selma to Montgomery, that was two days. Dr. Kings I Have a Dream speech, the iconic I Have a Dream speech was one day. It wasnt no weeklong extravaganza. I know you see the picture. You see all these black people marching. It was one day. He didnt even do two shows. He did a matinee and was out. Get in, get out. I have a dream. The mountaintops, one day we gonna get to the–all right, I got to roll. Lets get it, Abernathy. Secure the bag, Abernathy. Give me one more of them piss balloons. Oh, man. These protests though. You want to do something really meaningful? Go to a protest that has nothing to do with you personally. Thats what were seeing more of. I did that for the first time. I did that for the first time. I went to a Muslim ban protest, man, banning the Muslims. This is what they dont tell you when you go to a protest that aint got shit to so with you. You can just leave whenever you want. I never knew that was an option because I only go to black pro–Im from Birmingham. All we do is go to black protests, and when youre at a black protest, you there. Theres no leaving. You think black church long, go to a black protest. Better pack a snack and a diaper. Aint no sneaking off. I just left the Muslim ban. They waved. See you later. Thank you. I tried to tiptoe away from a black protest. I got two steps away from the group. They said, Where you going, brother? The struggle is this way. My bad, fam. Thats on me. I thought we was gonna make that left. Were making a–okay, the struggles–okay, lets go this way. Okay. You got to respect anybody thats at somebody elses protest. You see a lot of that with black folks, man. Black women, man. Black women just be supporting folks, bro. Its amazing. [cheers and applause] I tell you right now, you see a black woman at your march, get them a hug and $20 and cover they Uber ride home. Uber Black. ‘Cause black people would be perfectly justified in not showing up to anybody elses march. We aint got to show up to your shit. If youd have listened to us, you wouldnt even be marching cause it happened to us first. Half the stuff you marching about happened to black people first. We was trying to tell you. You see a black person at a march that doesnt have anything to do with them, that is a gracious, giving soul because black people would be perfectly justified in only tending to issues affecting the black community. We could fill our calendar just walking for black issues, from crime to poverty to unemployment to home loans. Like, we aint got the time, man, to be helping everybody, so when people make the time, thats a blessing. Why you think black superheroes only save black people? Theyre busy. They aint got the time to save the rest of the world. Thats a luxury that only white superheroes have. My neighborhoods great. What else is going on out here in the world? Black superheroes got to focus on they block. I watched Luke Cage. Luke Cage is my show. [cheers and applause] Love Luke Cage. Luke Cage. If you dont know nothing about comic books and superheroes Luke Cage is this TV show about an indestructible black man. The brother is bulletproof, super strength. Hell throw a truck at you like a football. You would think with his résumé, he would be somewhere with Iron Man trying to save the universe. This motherfucker never leaves Harlem. He aint got the time. Whole TV show, eight blocks. Thats all it is. Luke Cage aint got time to be saving everybody. He aint even got time to go to Hells Kitchen to help Daredevil. Thats how busy Luke Cage is. Cant even take the 1 line. Luke Cage dont care about the rest of the world. Luke Cage is like, Look, until Thanos come by the Apollo Theater, that aint none of my business. Sweet Christmas. Its not that black people dont care about what youre going through. I promise you, we care. Its just some of us dont have the time. Shit, black people folks aint even got the strength to help other black people. Black Panther didnt even have time to help the rest of Africa. Thats how busy he was. All them powers, all them weapons, youre telling me Black Panther couldnt swing by South Africa and free Mandela real quick? He didnt have the time. He was only worried about Wakanda. Thats what half the movie was about. Half the movie Black Panther was about him using his powers to help the rest of the world. He had to get his ass whupped by his cousin before he would even consider it. The whole movie, Black Panther, Brother, we cannot concern ourselves with the rest of the world. Wakanda is what– [shouts] I have reconsidered my position. Now, if youll excuse me, I will go drink more of my magical grape soda. Its not that we dont care. We dont have the time. Why you think you dont see Samuel L. Jackson in half these Avengers movies? Motherfucker busy. You ever notice that? Half of these Avenger movies, Samuel L. Jackson will be in the movie half the time. Sam Jackson appears at the very end of the movie. All this shit done went on the whole movie, and then here comes Samuel L. Jackson at the very end. Good job, motherfuckers. You did it. Heres your next mission. Its a god from another universe that can destroy the world with the snap of a finger. Good luck with that. I got to go to a protest. Police just shot a 40-year-old eighth grader. [cheers and applause] We got boycotts now, boycotts left and right. Boycott, boycott, boycott. You mess around and dont get on the Internet one day, you missed the new boycott, and then people attack you. They attack you for something you just honestly didnt know nothing about cause you hadnt been on the Internet today. Thats how I found out about the chicken sandwich and the gay marriage. Thats how I found out about that, on the sidewalk. You know, Im on the sidewalk. Im chilling. Didnt know that there was an issue with the gay marriage and Im just sitting there, eating my Christian chicken sandwich. Delicious. Im eating my Christian chicken sandwich, and two gay men walk by, and they just look at me, look at the sandwich, and one of them goes, No, and just walked. And that pissed me off cause I thought he was fat shaming me. Im like, Hold on, bro. You aint gonna fat shame. So I chased him. I chased this gay man, and I got in his face with my chicken sandwich. I said– [chomping] I didnt understand what that gesture meant at the time. I just didnt know. You know, you do better. Thats how it go. At this point with boycotting, man, shit, man, we need… we need an app. Thats the only way to keep up with all these boycotts. These boycotts be coming down so damn fast. You cant keep up with all these damn boycotts, man. You just need an app, just your phone. You punch in your political beliefs, and then anytime you get too close to one of them stores, your phone just goes, Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Id pay $2 for that. Food boycotts are the toughest for me. I dont know which boycotts yall go through, but everybody in this room done had one, at least one thing when they called the boycott, you was like– [groans] The rest of them boycotts I can do, no problem. You tell me not to buy a shirt from a store, cool. You say dont watch the NFL, cool. Im a Dolphins fan. I aint missing nothing, so thats easy for me. But when you say food, thats a whole nother world, cause only one company that I think makes food good enough to maybe, maybe navigate outrage. Its one company I think might be close to being boycott-proof. Its McDonalds. McDonalds is delicious. Im sorry. I know some of yall got money now. You eat hummus, so you got bread. Whatever. But dont act like McDonalds wasnt the sustenance of your childhood, you ungrateful asshole. [cheers and applause] Like Ronald McDonald aint have your back. McDonalds is delicious. This is how good–this is how delicious McDonalds is. This is how delicious McDonalds is. McDonalds just recently started giving us all white meat chicken nuggets. At no point did we stop to ask what the nuggets was made of before that. We just kept eating them. Its all white meat now? Oh, shit yeah. Thats good right there. Yeah. McDonalds is delicious. They got that damn McRib. Some of yall act like youre too good for the McRib. That McRib, man. Do you know how arrogant you got to be as a company to just offer a sandwich and then just take it away when you feel like it? You be in McDonalds, scratching. You aint got no more McRibs, man? When they coming back, baby? When does it return? McDonalds might be boycott-proof. I dont know, man. ‘Cause heres what McDonalds does. McDonalds does some smart shit that no other company does. Like, McDonalds has figured out a way to always address issues in the black community. They always in the hood. McDonalds got a Twitter account separate from regular McDonalds where all they do is talk to black people. This is what McDonalds does. This is why McDonalds is slick as hell. McDonalds got a commercial where all they do is just recap everything they did for black people that year. No other company does that. No other company that I can think of has the negro recap commercial every year. It comes on during black TV shows, so, white people, Im sure aint none of yall seen it, but this is a real commercial, and Im not talking about the black McDonalds commercial. Im not talking about some motherfucker with a nugget talking about, Yeah, put that love in the nugget. I eat a nugget. Not that. This is a totally separate commercial. Theres no music. Theyre not trying to sell you anything. Its no crazy camera angles and moves. Its just a kid flipping burgers, a little high school kid working the grill, and then you just hear a voice come on the commercial. Did you know McDonalds and the United Negro College Fund… [cheers and applause] Gave $40 million to send these kids to college? If it wasnt for McDonalds, people like Terrence here might still be robbing your ass. Aint that right, Terrence? McDonalds. Its brilliant. Its brilliant marketing. So the next time a black person get knocked out at a McDonalds, they just gonna be like, Hey, look, we sent Terrence to college. McDonalds does so much with the black community, man, the boycott wouldnt be instant. There would be a conversation. They do the McDonalds All-American Game every year. If youre not up on sports, the McDonalds All-American Game, every year, McDonalds takes 24 of the best high school basketball players, puts them in the same gym in front of pro scouts, college scouts, foreign scouts, giving them an opportunity to take their talents to feed their family and change the trajectory of their whole fucking namesakes. Taco Bell aint never done no shit like that for us. [cheers and applause] At this point, McDonalds could just show a commercial of black people doing anything and just put a voice-over to it, and theyd take credit for it, and black people would be like, Thats all right, McDonalds. It could be anything. It could be a brother just– it could be two dudes just shooting dice in an alley, just– Did you know McDonalds gave this boy Terrence half a kilo to get back on his feet? He took that kilo and flipped it a couple of times, and now hes got the best dope in the city. Aint that right, Terrence? McDonalds. Arbys aint never done that. I like Arbys. McDonalds is delicious, but I like Arbys too, man. I do. I like Arbys. I like the commercial cause the commercial is just so straightforward. It aint no jingle. We have the meats. Thats it. No nothing else. Its just Ving Rhames. Meat. Thats what we have. We have the meats. Could you imagine if thats how Arbys employees talked? This is my first time here. What do yall specialize in? Meat! We have the meats! Ving Rhames in them Arbys commercials sound like a fed up black father. Thats why you couldnt even have–even if Arbys did do shit like that for black people, they couldnt have Ving Rhames doing the audio for the commercial. Did you know Arbys helped this little bastard get into a college, and now he talking about he dont want to go to college no more. Look at the camera with your ungrateful ass. We have the meats. McDonalds is delicious. McDonalds so good, McDonalds be the first restaurant black people would have to boycott one sandwich at a time. We wouldnt quit McDonalds cold turkey. You know how every other boycott, you just cancel the whole store. Old black lady get knocked out. One of them black leaders come on TV. Its been brought to our attention that McDonalds likes to punch old black people in the face. Well, until we get justice, we, the black people, will no longer be eating… the McChicken, just the McChicken, until we get answers. McDonalds is delicious. We dont do enough caring for each other, man. I think thats part of who we are. ‘Cause to me, like, we dont even want to learn what other people are going through. Like, thats the biggest rift is that, as a country, to accept somebody elses truth, you got to be open to learning their perspective on their walk through this country, and people are like, I dont want to fucking learn. We aint got time. And we dont like learning. Thats what it really boils down to in America. We dont like learning. To learn new stuff, that means you got to sit and read. Especially if you aint in school no more, youve got to force yourself to learn what somebody else is going through, and we dont like learning. We hate learning new stuff. We dont even like updating our cell phone. Thats how much we hate learning new stuff. You got a damn $1,000 phone in your pocket right now. Every week, your phone send you a message and be like, Hey, man, if you hit this button, Ill be a better phone. And what we do? Fuck that. Maybe later. Aint got time to be learning no new phone. Just be the phone you was when I bought your ass. We hate learning. We dont like learning new stuff. Look at graduations. Thats all a graduation is. A graduation is just the celebration of the end of learning. Thats why we dance at the graduation. I aint got to read shit else. You snatch the diploma. Give me the diploma. Hell yeah. Then you put the diploma on a wall in a frame, so everybody can see. Thats all a diploma is. A diploma is just a sheet of paper showing the exact day you stopped giving a fuck about everything. [cheers and applause] And thats when people go back to their diploma. Well, that aint how it was back in my day. See, I got a sheet of paper here on the wall that says I learned everything. We dont like learning. The only thing we hate worse than getting new information is having to relearn old information. Somebody told you something was one way. You bought into it your whole life, and then on a dime, the U-turn tell you what you knew was false, and we get– [scoffs] Remember when they told us Pluto wasnt a planet no more? People lost they damn mind. Hey, remember that planet that we thought was a planet? Yeah? It aint a planet no more. Fuck you, motherfucker! It is a planet! You can go to hell. It is a planet. Pluto is a planet. I have a sheet of paper here on the wall that says I learned it was a planet. Im like, No, its not a planet. Its okay. We reject new information. Thats why we are at this crossroads with LGBTQIA issues and trans issues, cause, like, people dont want to accept somebody elses truth. Just kick back and just listen to what other people are going through. Learn something. Because… [cheers and applause] Like, its hilarious to me that people dont even care about just basic, simple– like, something as simple as just calling somebody a different name. You cant do that? You cant do that? You just cant call someone a different name? Somebody named Jack want to be called Jill. You cant do that? You cant even do that? Is that– is that asking too much? Hey, man, this person used to be called Jack. They want to be called Jill. Can you call them Jill? Fuck, I cant call them Jill. Cant be calling nobody no different name cause they feel like a lady. I have a sheet of paper here on the wall that says I learned all the genders. One, two. Thats it. Somebody named Jack want to be called Jill. You cant do that? Meanwhile, half your favorite entertainers been performing under a fake name, and you aint had no problems with that. I aint finna call you Jill. Meanwhile, you think Ice Cube is his real name? Really? Or maybe he just gave you a name he wanted to be called. Maybe, just maybe. [cheers and applause] Hulk Hogans real name is Terry. Let that sink in while you refuse to call a trans person what they want to be called. Sweaty-ass Hulkamania, Hulk fucking Hollywood Hogan is a nigga from Tampa named Terry. But you cant call Jack Jill but Hulk Hogan– Come on, man. We just dont do enough caring about people, man. The only time you see Americans really come together is during storm coverage. Thats it. As far as I can tell, thats the only time you see people really putting issues aside and helping each other is when the floodwater up to here. Aint no politics when the floodwater up to here. Its just people helping people. Its black people on the roof, white people in the boat pulling up. Get in, buddy. Come on. [imitates engine puttering] Which, sidebar, black people, we got to start buying boats. Its time. [cheers and applause] Its time. Okay? If you got people live close to the water, get them a basic-ass, get-off-the-roof boat. It aint got to be nothing expensive. Just– This dont cost a lot. But thats how we are, man. We dont care about people until they messed up in a group. Thats when we go, Okay, we got to do something. Its a bunch of them. Now I care. We help all these people during storm relief, and its a beautiful thing. Every time Americans get messed up in a storm, we step up, send money, send clothes, do whatever we can, but its only 2 million homeless people coast to coast. We got a bunch of homeless people coast to coast in this country, but we dont do nothing for them cause they aint homeless in a group. Yeah, we dont care cause they sprinkled all over the country, which is why, if youre homeless–if I was homeless, I would just start watching the Weather Channel… And just wait to see where the storms swirling and just head straight there and just lay underneath some rubble and wait for them to dig me up, and I spring up. Hey, I lost everything too. Wheres my assistance? Im a veteran. I thought you cared about me. We pretend to care but only as far as it will benefit us most of the time. We dont want to accept other peoples truths as reality, because to learn requires you to face some truth. Truth is overwhelming, so its easier to just deny it and go, That aint happening. Its quicker. Its easier. Hey, men are touching us, and we want you to stop touching us. Fuck that. That aint happening. No, it is. Its happening. Men are touching us. We want you to stop touching us. Well, when? Motherfucker, I have a sheet of paper here on the wall that says it was okay to touch people from back when we were touching people. No, weve reevaluated, and much like Pluto, weve decided thats a planet we dont want to live on anymore. [cheers and applause] And theyre like, No. Fellas, if you aint learned shit else from this Me Too movement, I hope youve learned how not to apologize. You should be ironclad with your girl by now, cause these apologies, oh, my God, them things is rough. Did you touch that woman? [stammering] I do not recollect my recollection of the events of the evening and are unfortunate. I do not recollect. Anytime somebody use the word recollect, some shit went down. That aint no regular-ass word. Anybody who say recollect, that aint no regular conversational word. Aint never in your life when you arguing with your girl have you said the word. Are you cheating on me, yes or no? Its unfortunate that your recollection does not match my recollection. ‘Cause what Im noticing from these apologies, you see how much power these men have. Like, this is how you know they had a lot of power. Its men apologizing for harassing women, but within the apology, telling you when they last day of work gonna be. You know how much power you got to have to get caught grabbing somebody on the ass– you grabbed somebody on the ass. Did you grab her? Yeah, I grabbed her. Then youre gonna leave? Yeah, but I got to stay onboard with the transition team. Like, no. Go home. You dont have to hang around. Well figure it out. Like, that would never happen at a regular job. If you worked a regular-ass job, they not gonna let you stay onboard. If you got caught grabbing asses at fucking Burger King, they aint gonna let you keep making Whoppers. Did you touch that woman? Well, its unfortunate her recollection does not match my recollection, but I plan to stay onboard with the Whopper team to ensure quality sandwiches for the constituents. Thats not how it goes, man. Thats not how it goes. But, you know, these men are caught up. Its not a lot you can do. If you get caught up in Me Too allegations, boy, you can either apologize. You can be quiet. Some dudes did it way wrong. Kevin Spacey tried to play the gay card, which that did not go over well at all. Did you touch those boys? Listen, I dont–Im gay. [imitates explosion] Like, he thought it was, like, gonna make him disappear. Im gay. Like, no, we still see you. We still see whats going on. You got to do something to try and get the sympathy, man. You see what Bill Cosby did. He went blind. That was a slick move. Almost worked. Bill Cosby played that cripple card. Did you know–did you touch those women? What women? Who? Youd think by now, half of these men caught up in Me Too allegations wouldve had enough sense to drop a R&B album to take people off the scent. [scattered groans and applause] I mean, if you gonna be a piece of shit, do it the right way: Drop some hits. ‘Cause if you do music the right way, it gives you a little longer time to be a bad person. You know, aint nobody care about Kevin Spacey. Aint nobody getting pussy to House of Cards. You dont care about that. But when you start accusing musicians of that stuff, people get defensive because theyre guarding their own memories, because that music is attached to something special in their life, or it brings them back to a special person in their life, so for them to reject that musician who may or may not be treating women badly, they aint ready to do because theyll put themselves– theyll put their happiness over your humanity, and thats just what it is. Some people just dont care. Theyd rather fucking step than take a stand, you know. You got to do something though. Aint but one person successfully escaped Me Too allegations, and thats Hugh Hefner. He died, which I got to say, well played. Did not see that coming. That was a slick-ass move out of Hef. Hugh Hefner got the fuck up out of here, didnt he? Hugh Hefner died the week before the Weinstein allegations went public. You think that was a coincidence? The playmates–playmates in the Playboy Mansion were getting ready to roll on Hugh Hefner, and he saw the opportunity and talked it over with his team and was like, Im out this bitch. Mr. Hefner, theres gonna be allegations coming out, and the women say [gibberish]. How do you want to handle it? Thats a good question. Ill be right back. [choking and gasping] No, cause heres the thing that Hugh Hefner knew that the other Me Too men hadnt figured out yet. If you die, all this shit goes away. It does. Thats how it is in America. If you die before the truth comes out about you–like, if you die before somebody says something bad about you, it dont count. All you have to do is die. You know whats crazy, you die–not only that. You die, people defend you. You have way more defenders in death than you ever do when you living. People defend you. Anybody in this room, we could die tonight. They find ten bodies at the house. They be like, Well, lets not talk about the bodies. Lets remember the good times that Terry gave us. Did you know he worked at McDonalds before he became– You got to die on time. Its the secret to life, people. People tell you all this different stuff, the secret to life. Ill tell you the secret to life. The secret to life is knowing when to end life. You got to die on time. If you think youre gonna get accused of doing some bad shit, you got to die on time. Its the only way to preserve your reputation and your money. Joe Paterno almost didnt die on time. Barely made it. Bang-bang play at the plate. Safe. He got in. Joe Paterno almost didnt die on time. Did you know them kids was getting molested while you was coaching football? You know what, thats a very good question. Ill be right back. [choking and gasping] You got to die on time. Say what you want about death, but as a crisis management tool… They went in there and talked to Hef. He was like, Mr. Hefner, a lot of the playmates are coming forward with allegations about you. Weve drafted a statement. I dont need no statement. Go upstairs and get my casket. Mr. Hefner, you dont have to. We can fight this. Just say recollect 12 times. I aint saying no recollect. Go upstairs and get my casket. Put some snacks in it. Im out this bitch. Wakanda forever. And he just sank down into the ground. [cheers and applause] You have to die on time. The secret to life is knowing when to die. I dont give a fuck. Quote me on that. Put it in a meme. When Im dead, put my picture beside that quote. Yeah, its just that, to me, I look at the world, and I feel like theres just not enough caring about one another, and if people cared more about the next man, then we would all be better. I was watching some storm coverage in Houston when the hurricanes hit, and there was these fire ants, and when a fire ant nest gets flooded, all the fire ants cling together and form an ant raft, and they just fucking float. Something that should kill them, they survive because they know they have to rely on each other, and ants periodically take turns rotating from the bottom up to the top and working and saving the larvae and the queen, and I saw these ants floating down a Houston street, and thats when I knew theres no hope for humans. We are a long way from being the fire ants. But we got to try. We got to try. The media doesnt help though. The media doesnt help. Stuff happens in this country, and the first thing we do, we talk about it for a second, and then we argue about it, and then we move on to the next thing that happened. At no point do we stop to analyze the things and the circumstances that led up to that event, so that maybe you could have a real conversation about prevention. You know, we dont talk about that. We dont dig deep for that, and thats where we are. Nobody cares enough to drive that conversation, especially not in the media. The media dont give a damn. The media is all about ratings. Money over morals, man. Clickbait, clickbait, clickbait. Oh, thats good. They clicked it. Ooh. They give you an article. Some shit happened, and then they argue about the shit. Thats the news. This just in, some shit happened. What do you think about it? I think its good. I think its bad. Well, fuck, I hate to cut in. Some new shit just happened. What do you think about the new shit that we just cut you off from the old shit? I think its good. I think its bad. I hate to cut in. Some new shit just happened. Thats where we are with the news. At no point is it a conversation about solutions. Ill give you a perfect example of this. I dont know how many of yall are familiar with the Facebook shooter. The Facebook shooter was– it was this guy a while back who was in a relationship with a woman. They broke up after three years, and because he couldnt deal with the breakup, he decided to just ride around on Facebook Live, and he told her on Facebook Live. He told this woman on Facebook Live. He said, Until you take my phone calls, Im gonna ride around and just shoot at random people. Yeah, and he kept his word, and this was extra bad cause this was a black dude, which is, like, extra stressful for us. You know, anytime a black person go crazy, its stressful cause you got to be nice at work for the next week and a half. You know, you got to, like, work harder to improve black stereotypes. Anytime a brother go crazy, you got to come to work in a suit for the next three months. How yall doing? This is my not all of us are shooters jacket. Got this at Nordstroms Rack. But the Facebook shooter. The Facebook shooter, he rides around shooting at people because a woman wont take his phone calls, no reason more than that. Just a woman wont take my call. And there was a four-day manhunt. The brothers picture was everywhere, every channel, Food Network, Nick Jr., every, every– Thats when you know they gonna find you, when your picture is on Nick Jr. When your shit coming on between episodes of Paw Patrol, oh, please believe they gonna track you down. They catch the Facebook shooter three, four days into the manhunt. He pulls into a fast food spot, and the woman in the drive-through recognizes him, and she did something that I know I wouldnt have done for minimum wage. She stalled him. She stalled him. She looked a certified, cold, lunatic in the face and said, Sir, its gonna be a minute on your fries. Would you mind waiting? Now, I dont know what yall do when yall was working for minimum wage, but I did the minimum. [cheers and applause] Thats maximum. I dont do maximum for minimum. If Im working at McDonalds and I see the Facebook shooter through the glass, thats my last day at the McDonalds. Hey, Im gone. Ill make up a reason. Ill make them fire me. Ill be like, Look, in the coming weeks, there are some truths about me youll discover. I dont recollect her accusations of the recollect– I got to go. So this brave McDonalds worker, she goes in the back and calls the police. The police roll up. Facebook shooter speeds off. Three, four blocks later, they catch up with him, and they corner him. The Facebook shooter takes his own life, which is a horrible story, very sad. The national conversation in the media after this happened, it wasnt about mental health; it wasnt about gun control. It was about whether or not Facebook Live is a useful tool. Thats it. Thats all we gonna talk about? After all this shit that went down, thats what we gonna talk about, whether or not Facebook Live– A brother who was completely sane two days earlier snapped like that and was the most wanted man in the country. You have to sit and have a conversation about mental health and what we can do to get people the help they need before they hurt other people. [cheers and applause] Because if youd have paid attention to the Facebook shooter, you wouldve known that theres a need to have a conversation about mental health. If youd have paid close attention to the Facebook shooter, youd have known that there is a need to have a conversation about domestic abuse and why some women cant just leave a man because he might snap and try to kill everybody, and if you really paid close attention to the Facebook shooter, he wouldve shown you just how delicious McDonalds is. He was on the run from the feds and still stopped to get fucking nuggets. Good night, Chicago. [cheers and applause]

JIMMY CARR@THE BEST OF ULTIMATE GOLD GREATEST HITS@2019@? I got gas in the tank ? ? I got money in the bank ? ? I got news for you, baby Youre looking at the man ? Someone came up to me in the street and said, Are you Jimmy Carr, or do you just look like Jimmy Carr? I said, Both. Ive been described as the hardest-working man in comedy, which is… not that impressive, is it? I mean, the hardest-working man, thats good, but in comedy takes the shine off that compliment. The hardest-working man in comedy. Its like being the best-looking guy in the burns unit. No offense to any burns victims we have here. Are there any burns victims in? I mean, if theres one, therell be loads. They tend to stick together. And were off! Thats a very good reaction to that joke, because that joke is very much a canary in the mine. That is there to test the air. If youre sat there thinking, That was funny, youre in for a lovely evening. If youre thinking, That was a bit much, actually… Its going to be a fucking long night for you. Do you know the average person laughs out loud ten times a day? Not everyone, obviously. If you work in a hospice or with learning disabled adults… it could be ten times that. Skys the limit. Dare to dream. They say that laughter is the best medicine. So maybe, just maybe, if we all keep laughing at people in wheelchairs… You look slightly concerned there, madam. Let me just take a moment to reassure you. During that last joke, no-one in a wheelchair has ever walked out. Look, before we start properly, we should probably talk about how PC works in comedy, because there are rules and regulations that govern what I can and what I cant say up here on stage. So basically, how PC works in comedy is, if youre directly involved or affected by something, you get a free pass. Youre allowed to joke about that thing. So, for example, disabled people could joke about disability. Homosexual people could joke about being gay. Black or Asian people could joke about race. Those are the rules. So these two pedophiles walk into a park… What? A lot of people dont think pedophiles should be allowed to live anywhere near schools. But it does reduce their carbon footprint. If youre scared of pedophiles… grow up. Now, I dont want to offend anyone here this evening with my language. I know certain people have got certain words they just dont like. So to avoid causing offense unnecessarily tonight, if I refer to a vagina at any point, which Im bound to do… You know the kind of comedian I am. But if I refer to a vagina at any point this evening, Ill call it… Whats the least offensive term? Front bottom? No-ones offended by the term front bottom, are they? So, for this evening, front bottom and back cunt. Lets keep this classy, shall we? When Donald Trump first took to office, little did he know… Trump ran on wanting to build a wall. And I think thats his one good idea, because walls work. Its irrefutable. Yeah. I was in China last year. I didnt see one Mexican. When I was younger, I couldnt talk to women, because I was hiding in their wardrobes masturbating. Its very difficult to get the first kiss right. You want to be firm, but gentle. You want to be manly, you dont want to wake her up. Youve got to be very careful with jokes, especially gentlemen. Men get carried away with jokes. Men joke in inopportune situations. Men often joke in the bedroom. Thats never a good idea. Yeah, its quite funny to say to a girl whos going down on you, Its rude to talk with your mouth full. But its even funnier if she says, Well, its not full. I had a friend that used to self-harm, because he was bullied. I used to think… Whose side are you on? If theres a fight, I let my fists do the talking. Please dont hurt me. If a giant ape and a table tennis champion got into an argument over a karaoke machine in the Far East… would the newspaper headline be: Hong Kong Ping Pong King Kong Sing-Song Ding Dong? Thats quite a silly joke. I was trying to write the shortest joke possible, so I wrote a four-word joke. Venisons dear, isnt it? Then a three-word joke. Stationery store moves. And then a blink and youll miss it, two-word joke. Dwarf shortage. Ill tell you what I know about dwarfs. Very little. Truth be told, I fucking love dwarfs, but I never tell them that I love them, because I dont want them to get big-headed. I was in Brussels last year doing shows and something interesting happened when I was in Brussels, which you dont get to say every day. They had a baby panda in Brussels Zoo. Aww. And they told you on the news how they make baby pandas. Yeah. Its not how you think. Its not a mommy panda and a daddy panda fucking. Pandas are not down to fuck. Theyre sort of like the opposite of girls from Dublin. Theres a look of civic pride there from some of the ladies. A look as if to say, We do like the D. So if you want to have a baby panda, what you do is you phone up the Chinese authorities. All pandas in the world are Chinese. Theyll lend you a panda. Theyre not giving away their pandas. So you phone up the Chinese authorities, they send over a panda fertility expert. Heres where it gets interesting. This panda fertility expert brings with him, in his luggage, a full-size, man-size, dress-up, zip-up panda outfit, replete with enormous panda head. Who knew? Thats not his name. Im saying I did not know that. So he flies to Brussels, hes got the outfit with him, he says hello to everyone at Brussels Zoo, friendly enough, as well he might be, and then its right down to business. He dresses up from head to toe as a panda, pops on his big panda head, walks into Mr. Pandas enclosure dressed from head to toe as a panda and he, uh… He wanks off Mr. Panda. Dressed as a panda. So if anyone heres thinking, Oh, Ive had a tough week at work… Have you? Have you, though? Did you wank off a panda? No, you fucking didnt. So he wanks off a panda, dressed as a panda. Incidentally, that is the day to visit the zoo. Am I right? Come here, kids. Youre not going to believe this. I dont think that ones even a real panda. So he wanks off a panda, dressed as a panda, they collect the panda semen… Obviously. Otherwise, what just happened? Who was that bloke? I thought he was with you. Shit, its happened again. So they collect the panda semen and then they wait. They wait until the female panda is asleep in her enclosure. And then they creep into the female pandas enclosure as she sleeps and they artificially inseminate the female panda as she sleeps. Im not sure who does that. I presume Bill Cosby. I bloody love show business. Every night after the show, I have attractive women banging on my dressing room door, and sometimes… I let them out. Are you alright at the back? How are the people up there? Excellent news. Sometimes, if I see a show, if Im at the back of the room, Ive got a weird fear of missing out. I feel like, Are people having more fun down here than were having at the back? But theres advantages to sitting at the back, because you get more of a sense of occasion, more of a sense of people coming together and sharing a sense of humor, that great music hall spirit. You get more of a sense of that from the back of the room. And the other advantage to sitting at the back is this sort of thing wont happen. I fucked your mum. Thats not going to happen to any of you. Ive got nothing but respect for your mums. Hard-working, decent women. I still owe your mum 20 Euro. Thats right. I paid for everyone. Sorry, Ive been terribly rude there. Sir, whats your name? Shane. What do you do, Shane? Im still in school. Youre in school? How old are you, Shane? Eighteen. Youre 18? Okay, Shane. And who are you here with, Shane? My dad. Your dad? No. No, Shane. Youre with the man you think is your dad. Could be any one of us. Well, apologies, Shane, because, I mean, this evening does not work out well for you. Your mum gets quite a few mentions. I hope youre going to be okay with that. Are you going to be alright? Youre in for quite a rough ride tonight. Is what I said to your mum the last time I saw her. Its that sort of thing pretty much fucking continually. Okay. When Im away from home, I sometimes get love sick. Well, they call it chlamydia. I was in a hotel having breakfast and the waiter said to me, Do you want white or brown toast? I said, All toast is brown. Youre thinking of bread. He said, What room are you in? I said, Its the dining room. I was on tour recently and walked into a hotel room, and on the TV screen, it just said, The adult channel is disabled. I thought, Thats a bit specialist. How did they know Id be into that? Lucky guess. A lot of people text whilst driving. Im not excusing it, but weve all done things we regret when were drunk. We have all done things we regret when were drunk. Some of you may be with one of them this evening. Some very good sideways glancing going on. Backseat drivers, theyre all the same, arent they? Why are we going into the woods? Please let me go. I am trying to maintain an erection. Heres a question. Does anyone in the room believe in the supernatural? Ghosts and spirits and the like. Anyone? Yes! Quite a lot of you. Its actually easy to tell if your house is haunted. It isnt. Grow up. Theres actually a special name for people that have seen a ghost. Its… schizophrenic. People claim to be into recycling, but you should see their faces when you rinse out a condom. Women usually take care of contraception within relationships, but some men do and theyre called… dads. Ive got a friend, shes got a theory. She reckons the way to drive a man wild with desire is to nibble on his earlobes for hours and hours. I think its bollocks. Has everyone thats going to get it got it? Lets move on. Ive got a friend whose nickname is Shagger. You might think thats quite cool. She doesnt like it. My girlfriend said to me recently, Have you been having sex behind my back? I said, Who the fucking hell did you think it was? And another thing. It wouldnt kill you to turn around and check how Im doing. A little bit of encouragement goes a long way. My girlfriend used to get annoyed at me because I used to leave the toilet seat up. So now I always make a point of putting the toilet seat down. Only takes a second. I know a lot of people think thats a trivial matter, but I think its a signifier. It shows that you care in a small way each and every day. So always make a point of putting the toilet seat down. Of course, theres no winning with her. Now shes annoyed because its covered in piss. I tell these jokes, but Im actually a very modern man. Ive got no problem buying tampons, but apparently theyre not a proper present. Says super on the box. I dont know what you want! Happy birthday, Mum. I bought my girlfriend a book called Cheap And Easy Vegetarian Cooking, which is ideal for her, because not only is she a vegetarian… My girlfriend said she wanted me to tease her. I said, Alright, fatty! The first few weeks of joining Weight Watchers, youre just finding your feet. A fat lady came up to me after a show and complained about that joke. I say a fat lady came up to me. She pretty much surrounded me. She was livid. She said, I think youre fattist. I said, No. I think youre fattest. Have you ever fucked a girl so fat you think it might count as a threesome? Ill tell you when you know youre with a big girl. If youve ever found yourself in the throes of passion, thinking… Is that boob or arm? Ill give it a lick just to be sure. A very nice man came up to me after a show recently and said, Hey, Im a fat guy. How do you think I feel? I said, Squidgy. I mean, I tell these jokes, but I knew I had to lose a little bit of weight recently. I think you know, as a man, when youve got to lose weight. Theres warning signs. There are red flags. I knew I had to lose weight. A very sad day for any man when his girlfriend suggests he cums on his own tits. Most men dont get enough fiber in their diet. Yeah? Tough shit. I read a thing recently. It was in Mens Health Magazine. It said that drinking your own urine is meant to be good for you. Bullshit. I put my back out. That was a flattering mime, wasnt it? A double-hander, sir? Half of all women dont groom or style their pubic hair. Half! That means, statistically, either your mum or your nan is rocking a Brazilian. Must be your nan, Shane. Seriously, your mum, it was like a knife wound in a gorillas back. Youve taken that well. Which I imagine runs in the family, does it? People worry about their physical appearance. We all have silly hang-ups. Personally, I worry that one of my balls is bigger than the other two. I shave my testicles. I call them Brazil nuts. Makes me giggle. Because it tickles when I do it. Whenever Im in the changing rooms in the gym, Im always embarrassed by the fact my penis is so much bigger than everyone elses. But then, in fairness, it is erect. Ten percent of women have cried in shop fitting rooms. I guess… they werent expecting to see me there. My girlfriend recently bought a T-shirt for 100 Euro. Thats a ridiculous amount to spend on a t-shirt. It said D&G on the front. I suppose, fair enough, one of her tits is bigger than the other. We call that one our favorite. Turn on the taps, test the water. Thats how I remember it. Thats very much foreplay for beginners, isnt it? Turn on the taps, test the water. Not ready yet. Not ready yet. Not ready yet. Like a fucking Slip ‘N Slide. Were on. People with Tourettes. What makes them tick? The worst thing about being told youve got Alzheimers is it doesnt just happen once. I did a show for Alzheimers sufferers. It was brilliant. Two hours, one joke. I did a show for Alzheimers sufferers. It was brilliant. Two hours, one joke. I did a show for Alzheimers sufferers. My first wife was from Thailand. Dont, youll feel bad. Its actually quite a sad story. My first wife was from Thailand and she died of… testicular cancer. Probably the best way I could describe it is her front bottom was an outie. I recently saw a transvestite in a mini skirt. I thought… That shows a lot of balls. The male gypsy moth can smell the female gypsy moth from up to seven miles away. And that fact also works if you remove the word… moth. The first time I told that joke was on BBC Radio 4 and we got a letter of complaint in from the National Gypsy Council. So I wrote back. Of course, theyd moved on. Heres a frightening fact. If you took all the money that we in the West spend on food in one week, you could feed the third world for one year. I dont know about you good people, but I cant help feeling were being overcharged for our groceries. Now my job is writing harsh, brutal jokes. I cant compete recently with stuff Ive just overheard. I was in a doctors waiting room, sat opposite these two ladies in their early sixties. One of the ladies, just trying to start a conversation with her friend, looked down at a copy of the newspaper, a stark image of famine on the cover of the paper… and she turned to her friend, she said, This famine… its terrible, isnt it? And her friend, without skipping a beat, went… Yeah… but they dont get our winters. Fucking hell. Theres about half of you laughing and half of you thinking, The winter here can be rough. I got stopped in the street the other day by one of those charity muggers. You know, the ones with the clipboard and the optimism. Chuggers, a lot of people call them. I call them chunts. Anyway, he stopped me in the street and went, Do you know how often people die from AIDS? I said, Im not an expert, but Im guessing just the once, is it? My best friends wife is having a baby. I said, What do you want? A boy or a girl? And he thought about it. He said… I wanted a blowjob. Really mournful. I like getting a blowjob off the missus. I dont know if you get this. I dont know if you get a blowjob off my missus. I dont know what your shoe-buying budget is. A little glimpse into my world. The thing I like about oral sex… I think the thing most men like about oral sex, nothing sexual, ladies, is actually the peace and quiet. If youve ever been going down on a guy and hes gone, Oh, that is not your technique. That is not his sexual ecstasy. That is the sound of a man not being asked a question. I would think about adoption. I dont have kids, but if I had kids, I think I would have them adopted. I havent got children, but I have made a start. I bought some puppies and a van. I had a really awkward moment on stage recently while I was doing a show when someone from right in the back of the room shouted, Are you ever going to have children? I said, Look, its a perfectly reasonable question. I dont want to make you feel bad for asking, but my girlfriend and I… actually cant have children… the way we do it. What is it about being blind that makes you want to walk the dog the whole time? Who picks up guide dog shit? You can laugh, but no fucker knows. Its got to be quite a hit-and-miss operation, hasnt it? Ah, thats warm. I saw a guy… I was in the high street near where I live in North London. I saw a guy with a guide dog and a white stick. So I went up to him. I said, You must be blind. He said, Tell me something I dont know. I said, Theres a tree over there. Be a dick about it. I had a relationship with a blind girl, which was rewarding, but challenging. It took me ages to get her husbands voice right. Pornography. Ill cum to that later. I feel like Im getting old. I was watching porn recently and I found myself thinking, That bed looks comfy. Heres an old man thing I did for the first time recently. I bought Viagra for the first time. I didnt have a problem per Se, but I thought, You know, were going away for the weekend. Lets super-charge this. And you can now get, in the UK, over-the-counter Viagra. I thought, That sounds powerful. Over the counter, you say? Thunk. Its a medication, Viagra. Youve got to take these things seriously. So I was reading the side of the box of the Viagra they sold me. It said on the side of the box, Keep away from children. I thought, What kind of a man do they think I am… that cant maintain an erection with a child? Well, that joke separated the men from the boys. Somewhat ironically. Im not a big fan of the predictive text. It makes you look like an idiot when you text a lady saying you want to put your massive clock in her hairy aunt. I got into an argument with my girlfriend. She said to me, You treat this house like a hotel. I said, I have never snorted cocaine off a hookers tits in this house. That is a joke. I have never paid for sex. Which has upset a lot of prostitutes. Shanes mum. A couple of weeks ago, I failed to perform sexually. I wont go into detail. Suffice it to say, I arrived early. And my girlfriend said, Dont worry, that happens to a lot of men. I said, Right. A couple of things. Firstly, who are these ‘a lot of men? And, secondly, if its happening to more than one of us, dont you think it could be your fault? My girlfriend has fallen asleep during sex before. That is awkward. But not as awkward as the time she woke up during it. Hello, love. Youre up early. Yeah, I was just getting on with a little bit of sex. Yeah. Ill make you a cup of tea when Im finished. Thatll help get rid of the taste. Its a great feeling when you get a woman youve been chasing for… miles. I thought it would be romantic to take my girlfriend back to where we first met, but she said, Dont make me go back there, Mr. Jimmy. Ill cook, Ill clean, Ill be better. I worry about that joke. Is that just razy lacism? I didnt used to talk about sex at all. I was very repressed, very uptight. Very British about the whole thing. Now Ill talk to anyone about anything. Heres an example. Heres a detail from my life I dont mind sharing with the good people of Dublin. My girlfriend cant have orgasms during intercourse, but its not a problem, because I… can. I gave my girlfriend an orgasm. She spat it back in my face. I was pretty into it actually, yeah. When my first girlfriend choked to death… it was a terrible blow. Yeah, I had to finish myself off. I was in bed with a girl recently. She said to me, I want tonight to be magical. And it was. After I fucked her… I disappeared. My girlfriend used to smoke after sex, so we started using lubricant. Have you all had the classic bar room conversation, if you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? Classic heterosexual male, bar room conversation. Have you had it? No? You havent? Okay. Well, forewarned is forearmed. Ill tell you how the conversation is meant to go. If you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? Johnny Depp. Johnny Depp, youd go with. Johnny Depp. Pirates Of The Caribbean, gorgeous Johnny Depp. Thats not how the conversations meant to go. Ill tell you how the conversations meant to go. So youre in a bar, with a friend, drinking, taking it easy, chatting about life and news and sports. Out of nowhere, your friend says to you, If you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? Well, I wouldnt, so it wouldnt be anyone. But if you had to, who would it be? Well, I wouldnt, so it wouldnt be anyone. But if you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? Well, I wouldnt, so it wouldnt be anyone. But if you had to. I wouldnt. But if you had to though. I just wouldnt. But if you had to sleep with a man. I would not sleep with a man. But if you had to sleep with a man, who would that man be? I wouldnt sleep with a man. But if you had to. I wouldnt though. But if you had to sleep with a man. I would not sleep with a man. But if you had to. I wouldnt. But if you had to though. I just wouldnt. But if you had to, who would it be? I wouldnt, so it wouldnt be anyone. But if you had to. I wouldnt. But if you had to. I just wouldnt though. But if you had to sleep with a man. No. But if you had to. I wouldnt. But if you had to sleep with a man. I would not sleep with a man. But if you had to. I wouldnt sleep with a man. But if you had to I wouldnt sleep with a man. But if you had to. I wouldnt. If you had to I wouldnt. If you had to sleep with a man. Well… Poof. Thats how that conversations supposed to go. It doesnt always go like that. Of course not. Sometimes you say, If you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? and they go, Johnny Depp. Dont feel bad about that. Not the worst answer Ive ever had. The worst answer I ever had, I did a gig in London… and I was picking on this guy front and center, where youre sitting, sir, and he got so flustered, like a deer in the headlights flustered, I said, If you had to sleep with a man, who would it be? and he went… My brother. Lets hear from the ladies. Give us a shout, all the ladies in the room. You sound in great spirits. Do you think youre easy to live with, ladies? Well, this is going to be educational and fun. Gonna tell you how easy you are to live with, with a couple of questions. First question, ladies. Have you ever met a gay man? You have. Youve all met gay men. Have you ever noticed how happy homosexual men tend to be? How joyful and carefree those gay dudes tend to be. Were going dancing, Barcardi Breezers. Hiya. Always in such a great mood. Whats missing from their lives? You. Dont get the wrong idea. Im not homophobic. Anyone that says Im homophobic can suck my cock. As long its not a fella. Its not natural. And I think I should be allowed to tell these jokes, because although Ive never had sex with a man, I have fucked a girl ugly enough to count as a man. Shanes mum. Sorry, Shane. Have you all had the sexual history conversation? Its the conversation that happens about maybe six months into a relationship when things are getting a little bit serious and it tends to be the woman will ask the man. Shell say, Id like to know about your sexual history. And the man will think, No, you fucking wouldnt. But in my experience, the woman doesnt ask once and then move on if you dont want to answer. She keeps on asking and asking and asking until eventually you feel like you have to give an answer. Its what happened to me. I was cornered. I had to list everyone Id ever been with. From the girl Id lost my virginity to right the way up to her. And that is where I should have stopped. Whats the most important thing in a relationship? What do you think? Trust. Dishwasher. Trust. What, sorry? A dishwasher. A dishwasher. God, has he even forgotten your name? He just calls you The Dishwasher. Any other thoughts? Most important thing? What, sorry? Money. You think moneys the most important thing. Can I have her washed and brought to my room? Its a joke. Dont bother washing her. Theres really no point. Shes going to end up looking like a plasterers radio. I think Im with you. I think trust is the most important thing. Because if youre with a woman and you dont 100% trust her, how do you know shes not going to tell your wife? Best answer I ever had on that, I was doing a gig in Glasgow in Scotland. I said, Whats the most important thing in a relationship? and a bloke went, Consent. Whos drinking tonight? Are you drinking tonight? I like drinking when it gets a bit out of hand. Beyond beer, wine, spirits, into the crazy drinks you only order when youre already hammered drunk. The flaming Sambuca is a prime example. No-one has ever ordered a flaming Sambuca while sober and the reason is clear. Its on fire. It does not look refreshing. The only possible reason I could think of to order a flaming Sambuca when sober is if youre with a woman and shes something just a little bit special. Shes beautiful, and intelligent, and kind, and funny and you think, Well, she could be the one. But shes got a bit of an issue with facial hair on the top lip. I know, that could be a very awkward thing to bring up, especially early on in a relationship. Much easier, I think, take her out for a couple of drinks. Two flaming sambucas, please, my good man. No, I know Im driving. Theyre both for you, my little Fu Manchu. Some young women drink so much, they black out and cant remember what happened the night before. If thats you, dont worry. I made a video. Most people that get cosmetic surgery are disappointed with the results, but they look… pleasantly surprised. Surely the best thing about getting a full face transplant… They can do them now. Full face transplants. Surely the best thing about that would be turning up at the donors funeral and going… Ooh. Come on, you would. Ive got a new doctor who is stunningly attractive. Early thirties woman, raven black hair. I mean smoke show. Shes absolutely gorgeous. So the first time I met her, I was having an appointment in her office, the doctors office. So, I walked into the doctors office, my jaw hit the floor. I walked in and went… Alright? She went, Come in, sit down. I went, Okay. She said, Its very nice to meet you. I went, Okay. She said, Please, tell me what the problem is. I said, Im embarrassed. She said, Ive been a doctor for years, nothing I havent heard before. Just tell me what the problem is and Im sure we can help you. I said, Okay. I think my cock tastes funny. I dont know if theres a test for that, but Ive had an idea. I think the best holiday I ever went on was the first time I went away with my mates. Our own choice of destination, our own money, our own passports, that sense of freedom and adventure. Ill tell you what happened. We were 18, we finished school, finished our last exam, we all got summer jobs, worked the whole summer through and then, the day after the results came out, we went to Faliraki in Greece for two weeks. Sun, sea, sex and sand. Thats what were looking for. That is what we got. In those two weeks, I had sex with 12 different people. Im not bragging. I was gang raped. You meet the locals. You see a different culture. Does anyone know what youre meant to do if you get stung by a jellyfish? Does anyone know? Piss on it. Piss on it is the right answer. Ill tell you this much, doesnt work as well on shark bites. The boys family were livid. Apparently once theyve been dead a couple of hours, there is very little you can do. No amount of piss is bringing them round. Would you like some behind the scenes, show business, how things are done? Would you like to know? Yes! Okay, whats a good way to explain? You know when theyre filming with chimpanzees? It could be a commercial theyre filming or a movie or TV show. When theyre filming with chimpanzees, what they do is they give them peanut butter. It doesnt occur naturally. Its not in their regular diet in the zoo. And the reason they give it to them is because theyre not used to it. Because when they give them the peanut butter, it sticks to the roof of the chimpanzees mouth. It makes the chimpanzees go… And it makes it look like the chimpanzees talking. Well, thats also how they make Keeping Up With The Kardashians. When I was a kid, I had an imaginary friend and I used to think he went everywhere with me and that I could talk to him and he could hear me, and that he could grant me wishes and stuff. And then I grew up and I stopped going to church. I know, Ill be sorry when Jesus Christ, Our Lord and Savior comes back from the made up. I heard a reporter recently, a proper BBC journalist on the news, say, At least one person killed in suicide bomb attack. Well, yeah, obviously. Its the bare minimum you need to qualify. Ive never really understood it. Why would you become an Islamic fundamentalist suicide bomber on the off-chance you might get 72 virgins when you die? Become a Catholic priest and have them now. Lifes for living. I was raised Catholic, and the thing that annoyed me about church when I was a kid was all the standing up and sitting down and kneeling. I wished the priests could just pick a position and fuck me. I was in New Zealand on tour. I got in trouble while I was in New Zealand over a joke. Ill tell you the joke. You can tell me what you think. All I said was this. I was in Napier. Destroyed by an earthquake, rebuilt, beautiful town. I was in Christchurch. Destroyed by an earthquake, rebuilt, beautiful town. I was in Dunedin… I said, ‘Ill tell you what this town needs…' They went fucking mental. It turns out I was on very shaky ground. One of my best friends, whos from New Zealand, I asked him how many sexual partners hed had in his life and he started to count. And he fell asleep. Because the men from New Zealand sometimes fuck the sheep. Also, if you had quite mild insomnia, that might encourage you to count sheep and the repetitive nature of such a task might help you drift off to sleep. What jokes are essentially is two stories, and, in the first story, youre forced to make an assumption that turns out to be erroneous. In the second part of the story, or punchline, its the sudden revelation of a previously concealed fact. They all work in a similar way. Its probably easiest if you just join in with the others. My girlfriend often says, You never tell me how much you love me. I dont want to upset her. Ive been with the same girl for 18 years. She still gets annoyed if I use her toothbrush. Thats crazy, isnt it? Yes. You dont think thats crazy? If you can tell me a better way to get dog shit out of shoes, Id love to hear about it. Im in a long-term relationship, but Im not married. Is anyone else in the same boat? A few of us. You probably dont want to say, a lot of you, because people are dicks about it. Ill introduce my girlfriend to someone at a party. People we dont know, theyll find out how long weve been together, and immediately, perfect strangers going to me, Have you thought about… You two, thought about… Ever thought about? Ever talked about? Ever thought about you two… Ever thought about? Ever talked about? Theyre not politely inquiring. Theyre trying to stir up a fight between me and my girl. Well, fuck that noise. So if ever I get the, You ever thought about… I always think, What? Putting a third finger in? Ill give it a go. Im not sure if its what the relationships missing, but Ill bloody try it. Thanks, vicar. Maybe try the shocker. Two in the pink, one in the stink. Thats how that works. Sorry, youre only young. Two in the goo, one in the poo. There. I bought my girlfriend lingerie for the first time just last Christmas. So 18 years in… I didnt do it the first couple years and then it became a big deal in my head and I didnt want to get it wrong. So last November, we were wandering through Soho and, as we walked past Agent Provocateur, this very fancy lingerie store, as we walked by, my girlfriend looked up at a mannequin and there was a bra and panties on the mannequin and she went, Theyre nice. Very unlike her. So the next day, I went back, bought the bra and panties that she said were nice. They came in this beautiful presentation, velvet-lined box, and they were pinned to the back of the box, beautifully displayed for Christmas. Quite expensive, but very nice. Anyway, Christmas morning rolls round a month later. Shes forgotten about the whole thing. She opens up the box. She was absolutely thrilled. She went… These are beautiful, darling. But theyre not my size. I said, Dont worry, Ive had a chat with the lady in the shop and she says you can have an operation. Those bra and panties, thats like Cinderellas slipper. That will fit the woman I want. To keep things fresh in the bedroom, we do a little bit of role play. Id recommend it if youre in a long-term relationship. How it works is she pretends to be a nurse and I pretend… Im still attracted to her. Thats divided the room, hasnt it? Theres people that thought that was funny, and then there are unattractive women. M y girlfriend likes to have the lights on during sex, because she likes to be able to read. Which I think is to be encouraged in a girl of that age. Im not in favor of all kinds of group sex. Im not in favor of the two guys, one girl threesome, for the simple reason, I never want to see another mans happy face. Because women, when they orgasm, look beautiful and serene. Ive seen it in magazines and films. Men, when they orgasm, look as if theyre drinking vinegar through their eyes. Jesus, dude, youre like a turtle shitting. Sorry. I told my girlfriend my ultimate sexual fantasy was to have two women at the same time and she agreed. But then she was livid when I told her she wasnt either of them. I did have a threesome once, many years ago. I was in my mid-20s, I was seeing this girl, not that serious a relationship, but it transpired she had a twin. So I asked. You dont ask, you dont get. Theres a lesson in life. I asked, I got, and Im glad I did. It was fucking awesome. Because, if anything, her twin was better looking than her and an all-round great guy. Yeah, you knew something was coming. But you didnt know it was going to be her brother in her. Sometimes, you can sense that a friend wants to take things further. Will it ruin the friendship? Things get hot and heavy on the sofa one night. You think, This doesnt feel right, youre my best friend. Youre not even allowed on the couch. Bad dog! Down, boy. I didnt fuck a dog. We made love. Men over-promise in the bedroom. Not just me. I think all men are guilty. Men are full of the… Im going to make love to you all night long. Are we though? Really? Like every man in this room, the only time Ive ever wanted to have sex twice is before Ive had sex once. Im going to make love to you all night long. Or, until I get sleepy. Lets see which comes first. I came first. Night night. You look like a ventriloquists doll. Whats it like to get fisted by men? So that was I look like a ventriloquists doll, and then you add… Thats insulting enough. And then you added because I like to get fisted by men. If you want my comeback, youll have to scrape it off your mums teeth. You posh cunt. A lot of people think Im posh. Im not that posh. Who thinks Im posh? Well, compared to you, yes, but… Im not as posh as people think. I went to one of the roughest colleges in Cambridge. Ive got a question just for the ladies in the room. All women I know have got a very clear line. On one side of the line, things theyre happy, comfortable, confident and enjoy doing sexually with a loving partner. On the other side of the line, things theyve been asked to do by a man that they said, No, that is not happening. What I would like to know, ladies, what is the weirdest thing youve been asked to do by a man? Whats the weirdest thing youve been asked to do? I dont mean reverse park or wash up. I mean… Within a sexual context, whats the weirdest thing youve been asked to do? Stick a finger in their bum. Stick a finger in their bum. I said, Whats the weirdest thing? Maybe you didnt hear. Weirdest thing a mans asked you to do. Pee on him. Pee on him? Had he been stung by a jellyfish? He wanted you to do a wee on him? Now, how long had you been with the guy before he said, Would you mind doing a wee on me? Twenty minutes. Twenty minutes? Im not sure you werent just walking past a tramp, love. Any other interesting ones? Anyone been asked to do anything weird, ladies? Be a dog. What, sorry? Whoa, shut up! This sounds very interesting. What was that? Be a dog. Did you say, Be a dog? Yes. What did that involve? What did you have to do? A collar and a leash. You had to wear a collar and a leash? And be a dog? Mans best friend. What did he say? Im going to give you a bone. Im not expecting more answers. This is just my favorite bit of the show. Because I enjoy looking at nervous men. I can see men… I can see you out there, sir. I can see you with your hand on your partners leg. What are you applying? 200-300 pounds worth of pressure? You havent said anything to her, have you? You just gave her a look that said, Shut your fucking mouth. I just wanted to try it. Its only a finger. It doesnt make me gay. Ive got a theory about sex within long-term relationships. Because the received wisdom in our society is that men ask for sex. Its the man that says to the woman, Do you want to go upstairs for a bit of hows-your-father, a bit of slap and tickle, a bit of sticky belly? Its a medical term. The idea that men have got a sex drive and women are merely passive. I call bullshit, I reckon its about 50-50 in most heterosexual relationships, asking for sex. But the reason you dont notice as much when women ask for sex is because, when women ask for sex in a long-term relationship, it happens. She doesnt have to ask twice. Trust me, if youve been with a woman for 18 years and she says, Do you want to go upstairs and fuck? Yep. It doesnt matter what else is going on. You could be full of flu. Yep. You could have just received devastating news. Yep. Ill call them back. You could have just been shot in the leg by her. Come on. Well talk about this after. But, as a man, sometimes youll proposition the love of your life, the woman you live with. Youll say, Shall we do the bad thing? Shell say, No. And then shell give you some mercurial, strange reason as to why you couldnt possibly have sex at this moment in time. And then you cant think of a counter argument because all the blood is somewhere else so you cant focus. So I thought, why dont we workshop it? What reasons have you heard, gentlemen, for not having sex? She has to pick Shane up from school. She had to pick Shane up from school. Very good. Shane, it would appear youre getting fucking rinsed on Netflix, my friend. Hope youre cool with that. Any other reasons for not having sex, gentlemen? What else have you heard? Headache. Headache. Classic. Easy to deal with as well. If a woman says, I cant have sex, Ive got a headache, just say, Ill be right at the other end. I literally couldnt be further away from that problem. Also, Im fucking you. Were not doing Sudoku. Youre not going to need your wits about you for this. We might be overheard. You might be overheard? Youre worried about making noise. Yeah. Stick around after the show, sir. I could teach you how to make love to a woman so the loudest shes going to be is… Hmm. Possibly an, Is it in yet?, but nothing thats going to wake anyone up. Any other… What, sorry? Tired. Tired is probably the most common these days. I think if a woman says shes tired, youve got to listen. Youve got to acknowledge. Feedback, so she knows shes been heard. And then make a suggestion. I know that sounds obvious, but theres a huge difference between making a suggestion to a woman and making a demand on a woman. Make a suggestion. If she wants to go with it, great. If not, youve got to respect that. So if a woman said to me, I cant have sex. Im really tired, Id say, Well, of course, youre tired. I hear you. Youve got the house. Youve got the kids. Youve got work. You must be exhausted, love. So why dont you, and its just a suggestion, but why dont you do what you normally do and just fucking lie there? You lazy fucking cow. Any other excuses for not having sex? On the blob. On the blob. Mr. Darcys in, ladies. Yeah, part of life, isnt it? You know, period, menstruation. Shes up on bricks. The decorators are in. Liverpool are playing at home. Shes got the red devil in her belly. Aunt Flow has come to stay. Shes at the Womens Institute… making jam. Its shark week. Or, as most modern women these days prefer to say, on the blob. If a woman said to me, I cant have sex, Ive got my period, I would say, Well, your arse isnt bleeding… yet. What Id like to do now is torpedo this gig with some very edgy jokes. So then you can all leave thinking, Thank fuck thats over. Youre welcome. Strap in, everyone. Lets do this. I saw the chief of the New York City Police on the news. He said, We will never forget 9/11. I thought, I should fucking hope not, its your phone number. Islamic fundamentalist sex dolls. Do they blow themselves up? If my grandmother knew how much money I spent on her funeral, she would be… spinning in her ditch. It always feels so much better when you have a wank with a dead arm, but apparently, I ruined that funeral. I was in a strip club, I saw a girl do a thing with a bottle. I was disgusted. Red wine with fish? Throwing acid is wrong in some peoples eyes. I saw a headline in the paper. It said, Man held after rape. I thought… They cuddled? I actually bought a rape alarm. Because I kept on forgetting when to rape people. Is it wrong… You be the judge. Is it wrong to call the disabled seating area of a theater the cabbage patch? Say what you like about the Make-A-Wish Foundation, they can work to a deadline. Thats an unfortunate response from some of you, because that joke is only there to warm you up for this joke. I think the Make-A-Wish Foundation should be forced to change their name from the Make-A-Wish Foundation to the No, Make Another Wish, We Cant Do Anything About That Foundation. I know. If only Africa had more mosquito nets, than every year we could save millions… of mosquitoes from dying needlessly of AIDS. Its been a pleasure talking to you. Thank you very much indeed. I appreciate it. Thats my show. Cheers, goodnight. ? I got money in the bank ? ? I got news for you baby Youre looking at the man ? ? I got skin in the game ? ? I dont feel no pain ? ? I got news for you baby Youre looking at the man ? ? Whos the man? Whos the man? ? ? Im the man, Im the man ? ? Whos the man with the plan? Im the man ?

NATE BARGATZE@THE TENNESSEE KID@2019@Please welcome my daddy, Nate Bargatze. Were doing it. This is it. This is, you know, its something. -Uh… Thank you, guys, for coming out. I appreciate it. Uh… Im very excited. I tried to, uh… Im always trying to lose weight, and then you think, Ill tape a special. That will, you know… Thatll do it. And then you just kind of… Next thing you know, its already started, so… I… I had a thing that happened that I do, where its like, I gotta get it together. Like, I… I like to golf, and so I tend to bring clubs and Ill golf on the road. And so I was in Florida, and we go golfing. Its very hot, humid, gross. You get kind of feeling gross. So I wanted to change shirts before I drove back, and I go to the trunk of my car, and I take my shirt off. Standing there, no shirt, and this old man walks up and goes, Olivia? I had to turn. I was like, Im sorry, whatd you just say? Im sorry. And he was like, Oh, sorry, honest mistake. And I was like, I dont know. Uh… He was looking for his elderly wife, and saw… me with no shirt on, and thought that could be Olivia, at a car that he does not recognize. None of this is making him not… Hes like, I dont know, thats a dead ringer for Olivia. I dont know who he disrespected more, me or Olivia, to be honest. I mean… we could both have a word with him. I travel, uh, all the time, and if I… if I fly… if I fly Delta, if I buy a ticket through Deltas system, my name in their system is Nathan. And on my license, my name is Nathaniel. I do not remember making this decision. Its a big deal. You cant just change it. Ive tried. Ive asked Delta if they could change it, and theyre like, We cant change it. And youre like, Then I dont know. I dont know where we go from here, you know? If you cant do it, who can do it? I mean… Do you call… Is that why people call senators? Do they do it? ‘Cause I dont know… What you have to do, you have to mail your birth certificate in. Some moms give their children their birth certificates. Ive never received mine. I thought I was the proof of my birth. And you gotta mail it in. Ive never been a big mailing-in guy. Ive mailed… maybe four letters my entire life. Ive just never done it. Stamps make me nervous. Because I dont know how many youre supposed to put on. Like… Where theyre gonna be like, You should put one more on. Uh… And they change the price of stamps, and thats not in the news, you know? You dont find that out on Twitter. You have to find out from old people. Theyre the only people that know. They keep up with it. Theyll be like, Stamps went up. Youre like, Okay. Uh… All right. Is it $100? Like, theyre furious. Is it $100 a stamp? Its three more pennies. So… I will never go through that process to get my name changed. I just deal with it. And… it gets brought up. Once, I was checking a bag, and the guy behind the counter, he sees my ticket says Nathan, the license says Nathaniel, and he was like… This is not good. He goes, These names dont match. And I was like, But they match, right? Like… You can see the leap that we took to get from one to the other. He was like, But theyre not the same. I was like, Theyre the same. And… Im realizing he cannot find out people call me Nate at that point, because… I mean, he cant handle that. Hes gonna call the police over to be like, Theres a guy with three names trying to fly right here, if you guys wanna just shoot him from over there or something. I was like, What do you want me to do? And he goes, You should go home. Thats, like, honest, hes like… I cant believe youve made it this far. I was like, Let me just try it. You know? Shouldnt I try it? I said, Look, Ill give you that those names dont match. But what I think is gonna help a ton is the picture on the ID. Something that Ive always loved that they did, and I think… with 70 percent of that name matching, and 100 percent face… Thats 100 and 70 percent. I think Ill get through. And this is what he told me. This is honestly what he said. He goes, uh… He goes, Look, man, I get it. All right? He was trying to relate to me, and he was like, My names Joseph. Thats whats on my license. So I cant buy a ticket under my nickname, ‘Bart. Theyre not gonna let me through. And he said it like, Right? You know? Does that makes sense? And I was like, That doesnt at all. Those are two different names. All right? I should be over there, and you should be over here, because thats how youre treating me. Like Im a Joseph Bart. I made it through. And on that trip, uh, I was going to Seattle. And if youve ever been to Seattle, uh, Mount Rainier is near Seattle, thats what they call it, and… I dont… Thats… I dont know if thats true. Just so yall… Uh… It felt like yall took that like, Yeah. -Uh… So… We were going out to Mt. Rainier, and I was with a buddy of mine. And Mt. Rainier is the… Its the third biggest mountain in America. Its a good one to go to. I dont know who number one or number two is, but maybe one day, itll be number one, you know? Do mountains keep growing? I dont think we know that yet. So its a good time to see it. It doesnt have the attitude of a one or a two. So, me and my buddy, we rented a car. Hes driving. On the way out there, I see a dead horse… just laid out in this guys yard. Ive never seen that before, and I was like, Man, I bet you dont think about that when you buy a horse… it dying. You know, what do you do? Thats a huge thing dying in your yard. You cant just scoot it off into the woods with your foot, and try to get another one that matches before the kids come home. You have to tell your wife to keep the kids away for a month. You gotta google how to move a dead horse. You gotta probably try to get another horse to help you do it, and thats not easy. Thats what the blinders were invented for, cause its like, Just look ahead. Dont worry about whats going on. No, look! Or you gotta get your friends to help you, and you cant spill the beans too quick on that. You think its hard for them to help you move a couch, try a dead horse. You gotta lie to them. Like, Were getting a divorce. Just come over. Bring your truck and some gloves. When they get there, let me tell you, theyre gonna see it, all right? Everybody saw it. It was next to the road. And theyre gonna pull into that driveway and just be like, I dont think theyre getting a divorce at all. I think were here to move that dead horse is what I think. Lets let him bring it up. All right, make him ask. But Ill be shocked if we dont touch that dead horse today. And if you ever have to move a dead horse, Ive thought a lot about all this. You want to be the first one to the horse. All right? You dont want someone else to tell you where to grab a dead horse. So you run out there, like you love it, like, youre like, This what I hoped it was, and… get to the hoofs in the front, and be like, All right, Im here. You guys decide where you guys want to be. So, now were basically at Mount Rainier. That was the whole car ride, and… if you ever go, just so you know, uh, you have to pay to go up it. Its not a free mountain. Someone bought it, and theyre charging tickets. Its also all uphill. Its a nightmare. So, be ready for those things. We drive up, we park, and were walking up the trail. So, were going up it. Halfway, I mean, I can barely breathe. And this couples coming down, so I stopped them. I was like, Hey, is this enough? Where were at, you know? Is this, like, you get it. Like, were not trying to live on this mountain. And the lady goes, Im 75 years old, and I did it. And I was like, Maybe thats why you didnt hear the question that I asked. Everybodys pretty cocky on the way down, I mean… There was women with babies, three-month-old babies strapped to their chest. I was like, Why would you bring that much weight with you? I left my wallet in the car. -They looked exhausted. Im surprised theres not just babies left up there and rangers have to come down, Whose baby is this? Thats ours. We were gonna let it grow up and come down on its own. So, we get our picture, and we come back down, and were driving back. And on the way back, since my buddy was driving, he did not see the dead horse, you know? And Im like, We cant not see it. So, its just one road, and I was like, Ill just show you where its at. So we get… Were driving, and we get to it. I was like, Its right here, and I pointed, and the horse was standing up, doing unbelievable. One of the healthier horses that Ive ever seen. So I learned that horses lay down to sleep. I did not know that. I dont know what I thought before that day. I dont know. That they lock their knees, thats why they have four knees. I dont know, thats what I… I would have probably argued with you about it. People put signs up that say, like, Horses lay down. Dont call 911, cause people call the police. They drive by a horse laying down in some guys yard, and theyre like, Yall guys should go, like, deal with that. And theyre like… Some people knock on peoples door. Hey, is your dad home? Your horse died outside. I thought you should hear it from a stranger first. Uh… Im, uh… Im married. Im still married. -And I– Thanks, yeah. I, uh… I like to say it. You know, like Im at the same job. Just like, Yeah, no, I still work there. -Uh… Yeah, right out of school. Only job I applied for. -Uh… My wife will tell me that… She always says that I dont like the way she talks, and its not her voice. I like the sound of her voice. Thatd be a big problem, I think, if it was like, Its your voice. I just hate it. To go to couples therapy, and be like, Can you hear it? Right? -Like, its not– You know? Its not fun. Its the information that she chooses to tell me at times. We took a trip to Florida, to Fort Lauderdale, and her and our daughter are flying from Nashville where we live, and Im flying from Detroit. Were meeting at Fort Lauderdales airport. I have to find them when they land. So I called her, cause I was about to take off, and I was like, What time do you guys leave? She goes, Noon. And it was 11:30, and theyre still at home. I was like, Laura, I dont know if you even know what an airport is. But if that plane was in our driveway, I dont think you could make it. She said, Thats what time we leave for the airport. Our flights not till 1:30. And I was like, All right. All right. So, what do you think I wanted to know when I asked that? Is that what you thought the best time you could give me was a time that means nothing to nobody? What time did you go to bed last night? Just tell me that and Ill just look up all the planes that land in Florida, and Ill guess which one I think youre on. She said, Im sorry I dont talk the way you want me to talk. Im like, I want you to talk like a regular person, all right? Like youve been around people before, you know? We didnt talk in Florida, Ill tell you that. Uh… Shes good at not talking to me. She can go a long time. She could do her whole marriage career. We… Marriage fights are great, because theyre all very dumb. I would say 90 percent of them are dumb, ten percent the cops show up, but… We got in a fight, uh, once, over chocolate milk. We didnt talk for 24 hours. What happened is, I brought chocolate milk home, and she was like, Why did you bring it home? And I was like, Youre supposed to drink it after you workout. And she was like, Thats not true. And I was like, Well, theres a commercial on TV. They probably looked into it more than you did, so… I decided to listen to them. And she said. Thats just the milk people pushing chocolate milk. And I was like, You dont even know what that statement means. You dont know if theres milk people, and I think chocolate milk is doing fine. I dont think theyre sitting on barrels of it, and theyre like, ‘We got to make up a lie. We gotta get rid of this chocolate milk!' She went to college, all right, and I did not, but she did not study chocolate milk, when is it good and not good for you. To be fair to her, though, I do not work out. So… You know? But I was probably gonna start, and I needed to get all the stuff there. Do you ever get in those fights? Like, youll be at home, you and your spouse, and you guys are not talking to each other, and… But youre in the house together, no kids, the house is quiet, and you just stay on opposite ends, and then you pass each other in the hallway. Thats the funniest part, cause you dont live in a mansion. You have one hallway. And you just didnt time it out right, and you just have to walk by each other like strangers. Youre like, Oh, excuse me. Sorry. Yeah, no, go ahead. Shell be watching TV, Im like, Maam, are you watching this? I couldnt tell, I was going to change it if you werent watching it. Its the silent treatment. The silent treatment is a very common thing. Everybody knows what it is. Uh, I think women are just born knowing it. I dont think youre taught it. I dont think its like, My mom did it, and her mom… Its an instinct thats in us all, that we all just know. And heres what made me, uh, think of that. I re-watched the movie Sixth Sense, and Im not trying to do a six-inch joke. This is a 20-year-old movie. I also have to spoil it, but its… I mean, its 20 years old. So, if… If you dont know by now, I dont know what to tell you, you know? And dont be like, We were gonna watch it tonight. Uh… We were gonna go to Blockbuster on the way home, and… -What? Theres… But… So hes… You know, hes dead the whole time, and I dont know. I mean, thats… If you havent seen it, thats a pretty big part of it, but… for those that have, think about when you watched it. When we saw this movie for the first time, none of us knew he was dead. That was the biggest surprise weve ever seen in our life. You know? We just thought his wife wasnt talking to him for, like, a year. That made more sense to us than him possibly being dead. And when I watched it, I was like, What, do they show him dying? Yeah, that guy shoots him with a gun. Thats how the movie starts. Thats how obvious. Theyre like, Hey, hes dead. And we still watched it for two hours, just like, I know what this guys going through, you know? This is… This is a movie about marriage and how hard marriage is. Yeah. Even if you get shot, its your fault. On a, uh… On a sadder note, of sorts, we, uh… We had to put our dog down recently. And, uh, its a tough thing to do. You know? There was… Nothing was wrong with her. Im just really busy right now, and… She was… No, she was very sick. That was a joke. All right? She was… That was a joke, and she would have loved that joke, so dont you worry about it. Thats the type of humor she had. She was a rescue. Its not your labradoodle humor, all right? Its a little darker. She, uh… She was a wonderful dog. We loved her. And, uh, her name was Annie. And the reason we got her was my sister worked at a vet, and people do put dogs down for no reason. So, if someone brought a dog in that was fine, they just didnt want it, uh, my sister couldnt do it. So she would walk the dog back and then just steal the dog. Like, I dont know the laws on all that, but… Im sure now people are finding out their dog is still alive right now, like, theyre like… So, uh, we got Annie. Annie was getting put down. She was a hunting dog, and she was terrible at it. And she was bred to be a hunting dog, and she was just like a misfit toy that just couldnt, didnt do it. She got shot once, and thats cause the guy, like… He would be, like, doing target practice, and then shed just walk in front of the targets. He would hit her, and he was like, What are you doing? And she was like, What are you doing? She had, uh, no awareness about her, like the senses that dogs have. We had turkeys in our backyard once, and I let her out to go chase these turkeys. You know, retired hunting dog. I figured, Thats fun. And… we have a very normal backyard. Its not Yellowstone Park. You can see all of it at all times. I, like, push her out, and she just pees and then comes back in the house. Never sees the turkeys. Im looking at her like, You didnt feel anything? Nothing was going… Like, I sensed it as a human on the couch. I felt there was turkeys outside. You wanna take just one lap around, see if… The guy used her a lot for duck hunting. So he would shoot a duck, she was supposed to run and go get it, and then bring it back. So what I like to picture is he shoots the duck, she runs out, comes back, no duck. Shes like, I dont even know what were doing, all right? I did not… A million things flew in the air when you shot that gun, and Im supposed to know which one you hit? And the guys just looking at her, and then shes like, Youre not even the guy that I came out here with. Uh… Do you see… Is there another guy out here by any chance? Our daughter would put birthday cone hats on her, and one time, one slipped over her eye, and it was like that for six hours. I was just trying to see how long… Like, hows it accidentally not coming off? And she was just going about her day. Just eating, drinking, like, Yeah, I cant see out that eye no more, all right? Thats the cards I was dealt, and thats okay. Then I pulled it off her. She was like, Ah, I didnt know  you were a doctor. Im like, I am a doctor. Just two dumb animals talking to each other. So she had skin cancer, and she would get all these spots on her. So we kept getting them removed, but it was really starting to take a toll on her and she was older. So we knew the day was close. And our daughter, shes six now, but she was five at the time. This was her first pet. She was best friends with this dog. Annie was the first thing that was gonna die in her lifetime. So its a lot of stuff to have to explain to a kid, you know? So I was talking to my wife about like, How are we going to tell her? At first, I was like, Lets just act like we didnt have a dog. Five-year-olds are smart, but if we stick together on this, and she comes home from school and is like, ‘Wheres the dog? And were like What dog? Like, I dont… Ive never seen a dog. Dont you think I would know if there was a dog? But I read an article about the long-term damage of that. Its pretty good. So… I was just honest with her. I sat her down. I said, Look, Annies very sick, and shes older, and shes gonna die soon. This happens, so just love her as much as you can right now. And she took it as good as a five-year-old can take it. So, the next day, I told her again. You gotta tell kids over and over again. I kept telling her. I didnt want this to be a surprise. And then Annie surprised us by living six months longer. I mean, we were way off on when we thought she was gonna die. But I already started telling my daughter. I didnt want to stop and then have to start it again. So I just kept it up for six months. Every day, I was like, Shell die. All right? She will die. She will die. I will die. Your moms dead. So… we get… Finally, the day was here, and our daughter was at school. And so my sister and my wife, they took Annie to go have to put her to sleep, and I went to go pick up our daughter to tell her. Ive already been telling her. And so I picked her up, I told her. It was brutal. Very sad. She took it as if this was the first shes heard about it. We get home, and my wife was like, How was it? Which is already a dumb… Like, It was great. -You know? I… …loved it. Cant wait for the next thing to die. Uh… Nice to say ‘I told you so, you know. I told my wife, It was terrible, you know? And then my wife goes, You didnt tell her that I did it, did you? I was like, No, why would I say that? Like, I didnt even think about it, you know? I looked at her like, Is that what you would have said? Would you have told her that I did it? Your dads been talking about the dog dying. Well, hes finally had enough. Weve been married, uh, 12 years, and our wedding, uh… it was not good. -Theres… This is not… This is not my fault. This was… My mom and my wife planned the wedding, and theyre both cheap. So they cut corners. If we hire someone… If we hire someone to do something to our house, I promise he does not do that job full-time. Hell be fixing our dishwasher, and were like, Do you paint houses? Hes like, Yeah, I probably could paint houses. You know? His business card says, How hard could it be? Right? Cant be that hard. -Uh… We got married on Friday the 13th. Got a pretty sweet deal on that. They were wide open. We were like, What times are available? They go, Every one of them, all 24. You can call us that day if you want. Her brother married us, that was free. The photographer was just a buddy of ours that had like a… He just bought a new camera. So were like, You gonna do our wedding? Never done anything professionally, and it showed. -Uh… His camera stopped working during it, and he started taking stuff out of it, like that would be the problem, like… Its like, Yeah, you know what? I bet they put too much stuff inside of it when they built it. You should yank some wires. Thats not supposed to be in there like that. Our DJ was awful, and thats because we got my mom to hire the DJ. I dont know who thinks to ask someone in their 50s for DJ recommendations. No one ever is like, Mom, are you in with the local DJ scene by any chance? She hired someone older than her. He just had CDs, and this was when computers were doing real good. He got, uh, super drunk, played the same song three times in a row. White Wedding, which he said was by Billy Joel. He only had one leg… seriously. And thats fine, you know? No one cares… until he starts messing up, and then youre like, Why does he have one leg? The best wedding Ive ever been to was my cousins wedding. It was a real redneck affair. It was right outside Louisville, Kentucky, where my parents are from. And my cousins name is Tuesday, which is a good start. The invitation said, Tuesdays getting married, rehearsals Friday, weddings Saturday. People were like, We gotta be there Monday for this wedding? How long is this wedding? Its a week? We get there, Im wearing a button-down shirt, khaki pants. Nothing crazy. Im wildly overdressed. I look like I work there. -Uh… Everybody else just has a football or basketball jersey on. My uncle, his daughters getting married. He has his tuxedo jacket, pants, cummerbund, bowtie. No shirt. They forgot his shirt, and instead of waiting to go get it, he was like, Lets do it without it. Right? Like, thats… And he doesnt have a body thats like, Thats cool, man. You know? He has a body that youre like, Put your jacket on backwards. Flip it around. Yeah. Then you see his back, and youre like, Oof. All right, go back to regular way. Yeah, thats my fault. I didnt… Hows your back worse than your front? Uh… We go into the church. Its bride and groom. Looks like its home and away Thats how many jerseys are in there. -Uh… Guys are drinking beers in the church. Like, thats something Ive never heard, a pastor be like, Guys, can we not drink alcohol in the church? Theyre like, Oh, I didnt know this was the nice part of town. All right. Uh… The reception is next door, just at a ladys house. Like, in her backyard. Like, she doesnt do… It isnt like, shes like, And I do receptions all the time. We were her one and only reception. So we walk over. They took a horse and buggy. The horse was the oldest horse Ive ever seen. I thought it was a donkey. I thought they got a deal on a donkey. And the guy was like, This horse was in the Kentucky Derby. Youre like, The first one that they did? Is that Secretariats father? How old is this horse, man? You know they lay down, right? Uh… So we walk. They took… They… It took them… It took them 45 minutes. They went up a driveway and back down the next driveway. Theyre sweating, almost divorced by the time they get there. The reception, like I said, its in her backyard. They put plywood on the grass, like, side-by-side, to make a dance floor. We danced just to a radio station on a boombox. Just, like, 104.5. You would have to stop for weather and traffic updates. There was a punch bowl that was low to the ground, like on a low table. And so I was giving it to kids. I was trying to help out. And then someone was like, Thats wine. And I gave it to so many kids. I dont know anything about wine, but I dont think they tell you to pour it into a bowl. Like, thats not… No ones ever like, Lets get it out of that box, get it in a bowl. You know, lets let it breathe a little bit. I got a couple of nine-year-olds pretty loose that night. The end of the night comes, everybodys drunk. Children, adults – its across the board. A fight breaks out, we hear someone yell, Fight! And I mean, youre sitting there, you got a 50/50 shot its not your side of the family. We get over there, its 100% our side. Its my dads aunt and uncle, both rolling around on the ground. Theyre in their late 70s. He wanted to leave, she did not, so they thought, Lets just handle it in front of everybody. Shes on top of him. She punches him. He then punches her, and youre like, You cant do that, you know? So we gotta get them apart, and he starts fighting us, and hes a pretty good fighter, all right? Hes punching women in public. You dont think hes handled some dudes in his lifetime? That ends the night, you know? You cant be like, Guys, lets calm… Cut the radio back on, find a good station. Uh… Tuesday, uh, is sadly divorced now. That did not work out. My dads aunt and uncle, sadly, theyre still… It did work out. Theyre still together. So… Thats our family, you know? We come… Its a pretty wild bunch. My dad is a magician. Hes done that my entire life. He was a clown at the very beginning, just in case youre like, How do you get into something like that? Uh… It goes clown, then magic. Theres two steps. You can take them in either order. I was born, he was a clown. It was never weird to me. I thought everybodys dad was a clown. My, uh, first memory of my life is I was five years old, and I remember my mom walked me out to the front yard, and my dad pulled up… We had this old red Mazda. Hes dressed as a clown, that doesnt even faze me. Thats just how he left. How else would he come home? And… The Easter Bunny was in the passenger seat. Thats the first thing that I remember, to my life. If you want to know how you get into comedy, thats a pretty good nudge. And I remember it didnt fit. The Easter Bunny head didnt fit in the car. Like, he couldnt sit normal, so his head was bent to the side. And I remember he had his seat belt on, and hes just like… and I was like… I like to think about all the other people that saw that. Just in the car next to them, just at a red light, youre like, I didnt even know they hung out like that. Uh… So, me and my dad, we do… He just does magic now, and hes very good at what he does. Hes very funny, and we do shows together. So, uh, one time, we did this show. Magicians have conventions where they get together and they buy and sell tricks, and they give a lecture, and they do this big show. So this guy was putting one together in Des Moines, Iowa, which is the birthplace of magic, something a lot of people dont know. And… Its not, but that does sound like it could be. I dont know why. I said that in Des Moines, and people are like, I think I already knew that. Uh… Theyre like, No. Uh, yeah, hes… No, hes right. So, this guy calls me, hes like, Your dads performing this year, so we want you to come down, and were gonna make you appear out of a magic trick. Im gonna come out, Im gonna surprise my dad, surprise the audience, everybody will go crazy, and then Ill do five minutes of stand-up, and that will end the show. Hes like, Its gonna be a big deal. I was like, All right. I agreed to it. I fly to Des Moines. Im hiding. Im in my room. No one knows Im there. The show starts. My dads out performing, I climb in a box backstage. When my dad gets done performing, they ask him to stay and help, and they push the box out. The trick is, the guy has a very pretty lady assistant. She walks around, shows the box is empty, and then she climbs in. Normally, it just falls apart, and then she disappears. But now, it falls apart, and its me, and I pop out. And you have to come out big. I dont know if youve ever appeared out of a magic trick, but… if you do, you cant just be like, How you doing? -You know? Like… Its gotta be a big grand, like, Can you believe it? And I look at my dad, his face is so surprised. He had no idea. But his eyes are just like, Why would you ever do this? And I was like, Is this not a good time to visit you? Uh… The audience is clapping, but theyre not going that crazy… Like, they start… The clapping starts dying down, and as Im standing there, its, like, hitting me. I was like, I dont think they know who we are. That guy told me they did, and they dont. They dont know thats my dad, they dont know Im a comedian. This looks like the stupidest trick theyve ever seen. It doesnt make sense. Theyre like, ‘A pretty girl goes in and just a whatever dude pops out? Thats your trick? Your trick is backwards, sir. Its backwards. And now I gotta do comedy, but they dont know Im a comedian. So I get a microphone, theyre like, Hes gonna talk to us now? How long is this trick? When you do comedy in front of people not expecting comedy, it does not come off as comedy. It sounds like a mean speech. They were just like, Get back in the box. Wheres the girl? Is she fine? Can we hear from her? I dont think things through. Thats the message tonight, guys. Theres not… Theres no message. But if there was, its I dont think things through. No. Im a huge, uh, Vanderbilt fan. -And… Thank you, a couple of us. Yeah, the storm is coming together. Uh… I mean, I, uh… I did not go to Vanderbilt, too. Vanderbilt asked me to say that, and… I was like, I think people know, and they go, We do too, but just say it. -Uh… Vanderbilt went to their first bowl game in football in, like, 20 years, in 2008. And, uh, so we all go to it. Were very excited. Its at Tennessee Titans stadium. So, me and a bunch of buddies get together, we go tailgate, we get a cornhole, a grill. Like, were going… were going all out. And my ticket was at will-call, so I went. I was like, I gotta get my ticket. Ill be right back. So I go get my ticket, and before the lady gives it to me, she ripped it, which means you have to go in. And it was, I mean, a full three hours before the game starts. I was like, I dont want to go in yet, you know? And she was like, You have to go. And I just walked in to just an empty stadium. Sixty thousand empty seats. I go to my seat, I dont go to a different one. I went to, like, the one Im supposed to go to, like a loser. The players are, like, in jeans. Theyre not even dressed yet. I was like, Im real excited for the game! I startled them. They were like, I didnt know anybody was in here. Uh… Did you go to Vandy? I was like, You would think with how early Im here, -but… I also think if I went to Vandy, I wouldnt be in the situation that Im in. I walked to the top of the stadium and watched my friends tailgate. I just sat up at the very top. And I was like, Im already in, guys. Yeah, I decided to save our numbered seats. Uh… Nothing was open. I stood in front of a concession stand, like I was waiting for an iPhone to come out. Just that gate was down, and Im already trying to figure out what Im gonna eat. And they came and opened it, and one side got stuck, and I helped them. I go, Ill get that. So I helped them open it. They were like, You work here? I was like, Ive been here a bit longer than you have, so… Im not smart. At all. No, Im pretty… I, uh… Im smart enough to, like, answer my six-year-olds questions. Shes like, Why is the sun hot? Im like, ‘Cause its on fire. Thats a stupid question. And… I tell her that, all right, because I know that shell be smarter than me next year, and then just for the rest of her life. So I am really sticking it to her while I can. I know nothing about, like, adult stuff that youre supposed to know about. Uh, global warming, thats one that everybody yells at you about. Theyre like, You better do something. Im like, Im so tired of it. Lets do it. Like… Im like, I barely made it out of high school. I dont really know how rain works. So why dont… why dont you let me figure that out, and then Ill do global warming. But Ive seen it rain without clouds. Wheres that water coming from? So… Im pretty swamped with this rain stuff right now, but once I get to the bottom of that, then well do global warming, and I got some pretty good ideas, you know? We recycle, you know, and we recycle because my wife, its her… She gets all the credit for that. I would never recycle if I was by my… I dont… I dont do it if shes not looking at me, so I would never do it if I was alone. I looked up a list of, like, All right, what are you supposed to do for global warming, as an individual? And it was a big, long list, but the first thing on the list was my favorite. It just said, Just talk to your friends and family about it. Think about your friends and family. Like, not the ones that are the good ones, that are close. Think about how… far out it goes. When you guys get together, be like, You mind if we talk about global warming? I just thought this would be a good time to get into it. I had a great aunt and uncle fist fight each other at a wedding. Let me get in the middle. Any chance this fight was about global warming? Because I just would love to get that conversation rolling, you know? I get it. Were supposed to… Its supposed to… Its for our kids kids, and their kids, and we wanna make sure they have a good Earth, and their environment and stuff. We dont want em to have a bad Earth. And we dont want them to be mad at us, and yell at us, but I dont think they will, because I dont think we get mad. I dont ever see litter on the ground and call my grandmother, and be like, Where do you get off, you know? I dont know how you show your face anymore, all right? Its cloudy today. Is that because you smoked on planes? Probably. Whyd you have to smoke that high? Where do you think that smoke was going? We did stuff as a kid. I did Earth Day as a kid. I think they still do Earth Day. And we did it. Im from Old Hickory, and were a plant… Like, DuPont Plant is the… We were a plant town. So, they had a plant, and we went and planted trees in front of the DuPont Plant, and there was just black smoke coming out of this thing. And were just in front of it, like, This is for Earth. And you cant even see us, its so dark. And were just like… This is for the Earth and stuff, and were gonna breathe better. And youre like, I dont know if thats the problem. Uh… I, uh… Heres what Im doing for, you know, my daughters future environment, is, uh, what I decided to do– They… They say we wont have water. So, I put a bunch of buckets outside to collect water, and when she turns 18, and shes like, Do I get money? Im like, Something a little better than money. Uh… I bet youve always wondered what those buckets were doing outside. Well, theyre all yours. And thats for your kids, and their kids. Everybody gets a bucket of water. No. Look, guys. All seriousness, though… global warming, we gotta… you know, we gotta stop it. Or… more of it. I dont really know which way we want to go, but… It cant stay warmer. I know that. Its gotta be one or… You know, somethings gotta happen. Something. Cant stay where were at. So, go… I dont know what direction you want me… Just go. Look, in all… Guys, in all seriousness, as… To use this as a platform for global warming, guys, I felt like, you know, I was a spokesperson for all of Earth. All right? I think… Ill give you a message that I dont think no one will give you, and Im here to say that were doing fine. So just relax. You know, were in a time where everybody yells at you, and everybodys bad. Were doing great. All right? I did some… I looked up, I did some research. And I was like, Let me look at the other planets. Lets see how good theyre doing. And… I dont want to… I mean, its unbelievable. Theyre nowhere right now. Uh… Some of them have too many moons. Thats how stupid they are. And… So lets calm down. All right? Were doing so… Were so much farther ahead. I mean, they havent started, and were almost done. -So lets… celebrate being first! Dont be sore winners. Look, in all… Guys, in all seriousness… I dont know. No, look, the world, were… Its getting very advanced. All right? I have, uh… Ive been to a dog bakery. Ive been to a dog bakery in my life. And this wasnt in, you know, Beverly Hills, or, like, Miami or something. You feel like they would have that. And this was in Mt. Juliet, Tennessee. And if you dont know where Mt. Juliet is, its fine, but I bet you can tell that doesnt sound like a town you would drive through, going, I bet they have a pretty good dog bakery here. Uh… I went in there, and no one was in there. The lady was looking at me like, Are you here to buy this store from me? That was her only hope. I talked to her, she had some time on her hands, excited to talk. And, uh, she said her and her husband bought the store for their 27-year-old daughter who graduated from college with a degree, and came out of college, and said, I want to own a dog bakery. I want to make cakes for dogs. Which, if I asked my six-year-old what she wants to do when she grows up, I think shell tell me she wants to make cakes for dogs. And Im gonna tell her that she can do whatever she wants to do, hoping she doesnt turn 27… and go, Lets talk about those cakes for those dogs. Maybe theyre usually busy. Maybe I was in there on a slow dog birthday day. I dont know. All right? She told me everything was organic, and I was like, Thats good. Thats what I like to hear. All right? This is for that dog thats outside licking gum off the sidewalk right now. And if anybody deserves organic food in our house… its not this little girl, not gonna waste it on her. Its for that dog thats wandered out on the highway, cause it doesnt know what cars are. But, look, next time you guys go to Mt. Juliet for a vacation, let me tell you, look, do… do em a favor, go by there, all right? Swing through, you know, buy some dog cakes. Uh, and Ill be honest with you. Ill be upfront with you, guys. I bought a dog bakery. Its not going that good. All right? I… All right, were almost done, so dont worry about it. Uh… And I think you can tell… I always think people are like, Hes talking about dog bakeries. Hes about out of stuff. Uh… Yeah, where were we? Where is this going? I, uh… uh… First, thank you. I cant thank you enough for coming out tonight. It means the world, and, uh… Ive been making… This is how Ive been closing shows on the road, and I want to close my special with it. Uh… Im assuming that people saw the Netflix, The Standups, the little half-hour… -…that I did. Thank you. Thank you for watching it. Thank you for coming out. Uh, so some stuffs happened since that special, and I want to give you some updates to a couple of stories I told on that special. And if you havent seen it, Ill walk you through it. Dont, you know, think youre gonna be lost, and I think youve seen what Ive talked about. I bet youre like, I bet well catch up quick. So, just… So the first update is about the Cape Fear Serpentarium. And… if you… if you havent seen it, you could… you could pause it right now and go watch it, but you might be like, I cant handle really much more of you. But… If not, Im gonna walk you through it. Uh… Or maybe just a reminder. But a very quick, unfunny version is I went to Wilmington, North Carolina to a guys house, and he had a bunch of snakes, lizards, and a crocodile. When I was there, a crocodile got out and a lady wrote a TripAdvisor review about it. Thats the very quick, unfunny version. If you havent seen it, dont think thats all it takes to get a Netflix special. Uh… So the first thing is the lady that wrote the TripAdvisor review messaged me after the special came out. And if you write a review on TripAdvisor, you can see how many people look at it, and it jumped 50,000 views the day the special came out. So… But she did not know this for a couple of days, so, I mean, she was like, Im crushing it as a reviewer. All right? -I swear… You better… Ill bring your place… You better treat me right, Applebees. Ill bring this whole place down! The next update to it is the, uh… So that… So Cape Fear Serpentarium has closed down. – Aww. -And… I know, you guys had a chance to go to it. Uh, it is closed. So the guy that owned it, his name is Dean Ripa. I do not know this guy. He was there that day. Uh, I saw him that day. I dont know him. I mean, this place will be a part of my life for the rest of my life, and I was there for one day. But… So he was a very original guy, he was his own guy. And, uh, theres… You can see theres great stuff on him. Theres another thing on Netflix called 72 Deadliest Animals, they interview him in that. Theres also great YouTube clips where, like, he would bring, like, venomous snakes to local Wilmington news channels, and he would barely pay attention to these snakes. He would, like, have it on the table and hes not even looking. Theyre like, Could you grab it maybe more? And hes like, Whats that? Theyre like, We didnt ask you to bring that in, by the way. And hes going, You need me to leave it in the car? Whatd you want me… I remember when I was there that day. There was cages empty. Youre like, Is that supposed to be empty? Hes like, Were cleaning that. If you see something, tell us, but Im pretty sure… Im pretty sure were cleaning that one. So the main reason it closed is, uh… sadly to announce, that guy, he has, uh, died. Uh, he passed away. And its pretty… pretty wild stuff. Uh… So, how he died, a little different than most. And… I will just tell you, uh… You know, and I already know what youre thinking in your head, and his wife shot him. So, yeah, you werent thinking that, I can tell you that. Its unbelievable. I mean… The odds of this are definitely higher than if you dont own a snake museum, but theres still… Its insane. So… This all happened after we taped that last The Standups, and so, uh, I would let… I was telling an audience to guess, like, how he died. And so Im just gonna tell you the guesses where people, you know, A snake got him, good guess. Crocodile ate him, solid guess. Someone yelled cancer once, and I was like, What? Like, I dont… I dont know if Id present it like this if I knew the answer was cancer. Lets go around the room, everybody. Guess how he died. Cancer? That guy got it. That was a good guess. You know? One guy guessed it once, in Huntsville, Alabama. And it was an older gentleman, he was sitting up front, and, uh, he just goes, Did his wife shoot him? You know when someone guesses your guess, and youre like, Youre the worst, man. I was like, Did you look it up? And he had a flip phone on his table. He wasnt looking stuff up. And I was like, Why would you ever guess that? He was like, Because my wife shot me. And I was like, Oof. Well, thats fair. I bet he guesses that with every death he hears, like, I mean, just, Frank died. Did his wife shoot him? No, and Im not gonna tell you anymore if you keep guessing that, all right? Thats the last one. The final update. Thats what this next… The special after this is gonna be just more… just all updates. And… itll be something you dont know, like, Remember when my car didnt start? Youre like, I dont… Who is this update for? Uh… I like to, uh… I like to drink iced coffee with milk, and… Thank you. Uh, I told a story. I went into a Starbucks inside a Target. I ordered, uh, iced coffee with milk, and the guy gave me milk with ice in it. I did not want milk with ice. I wanted iced coffee with milk, and he heard milk with ice. I have learned that a lot of people do drink milk with ice. People send me pictures all the time… of adults just drinking milk with ice. And they stay in the Starbucks. They dont even, like, run to their car, like, This is so embarrassing. I gotta stop… Like, they… -…do it openly. My wife puts, uh, ice in our daughters milk, and I was like, Oh, you do that because of my joke? And shes… shes not a big fan of my comedy, so she was like, I havent seen it. I was like, We have Netflix, you know. She was like, I dont think we do, I was like, I know we do. And she was like, Im just so busy right now. Uh… So, all of its true, except my wife, my wife does like my comedy. Shes very nice to me, but, uh… All the rest is true. And the truth of it, too, is its happened to me two times. Twice, and let me tell you, one time is a lot of times. The second time, you start looking at yourself. You start thinking, What am I doing? I dont know if I know how to order. I would say… I looked at… I ordered it in a mirror, just to see what it looked like. Like, Iced coffee with milk. I was just trying to see what they would see. I thought it was happening… There was a third time I thought it was happening. I was at a Starbucks at an airport, and she put the drink down, I was like, Theyre doing this on purpose. I was convinced that theyre just calling each other, like, Lets drive this guy crazy. But she just put too much, uh, milk into it. It was an honest mistake. And she told me, cause she set the drink down, and were both just staring at it. And she just goes… That feels like a lot of milk, doesnt it? I was like, Not as much as usual, but it does feel… So, I have, uh… Ive changed my drink up… since then, and I honestly did it because I dont think I say milk good. I was having this one problem, and I was like, Im not gonna say milk. So, now I drink iced coffee with cream. Thats all I changed it to. Im tired of saying milk. All they kept giving me was milk with ice. I was like, Im gonna say cream, they cant do cream with ice. Thats against the law. So… Ill get rid of the one problem that I have. And Ive only been drinking coffee for maybe four years. Not very long. I only order this one little drink. I get very nervous when I order coffee, cause its a whole world, and I dont know the world, you know. They always ask you a bunch of stuff. Theyre like, What kind of cream? Im like, Just please do it. -Just do it. You know? Sometimes theyre like, Heavy cream or half-and-half? Ill go, Im sorry, Im not taking questions right now, so… if you could just do whatever you think it is, and if its wrong, I wont even tell you. How about that? I will walk out of here as if thats exactly what I ordered. I will go outside, I will throw it away, and go try again at a different Starbucks. Thats how Ill handle the entire… Thats why they have so many Starbucks, so you can just keep going. -Someones got to get it. If I have to get my wifes coffee, she has to text me what she wants, cause I dont know how to pronounce, like, most of the words there. So I just show them the phone. I go, She wants this. Theyre like, Does she want it sweetened? Im like, Guess we have to call her now, dont we? And… I make them talk to her. I go, Talk to a strangers wife. Say what you said to me. Have you ever been to a Starbucks, like, inside? Like, you go inside, and theres, like, a big, long line, and youll be waiting, and they try to take your order before youre even to the front. Youll be in the back, Theyre like, What you want? Youre like, I would like to wait till I get right in front of you. Yeah, you see how everybody looked at me when you said that? I didnt care for that, so… How about we do it like a regular, normal business, you know, and you let me do it right in front of you? Starbucks is, like, waving cars down on the street, like, Were trying to get your order started in case you ever come here one day. Uh… So I was in, uh, San Francisco, and I bet theres a bunch of fun coffee places, and I live in my dumb world that just… I just want this one little drink. So I go into a Starbucks, and I get in the front, and I was like, Uh, Ill take an iced coffee with cream. She goes, With cream? I go, With cream. She goes, Iced coffee with cream? I go, Iced coffee with cream. She goes, With cream? I go, With cream. And she said it one more time, So, iced coffee with cream? And that point I should have said, Whats going on right now? Where are you at in your head? Because I… I feel like were in two different places. But I was nervous, and there was people behind me, and I was like, Cream or no cream, honestly. Ill give you $20 if you let me leave right now. I cannot… This is the most I can talk about this. I dont even know whats happening anymore. So I paid, I go stand in line, where you gotta wait for your drink. Theres, like, five of us waiting for our drinks. So she puts the iced coffee up there first. No cream, and I was like, Whatever. Ill just do it myself, you know? Like, I dont like doing it myself, but I was like, All right, Ill just do it. So, before I could get it, shes walked back with a can of whipped cream, and shes shaking it. And Im just looking at it, like, thinking thats someone elses. Im like, Someones getting whipped cream. Thats fun. One of you guys are getting whipped cream? And I look down, and she starts spraying the whipped cream on top of my iced coffee. She just yells out, Iced coffee, whipped cream! Yells it out. The other four people, they turn their back. Like, they dont want you to accidentally think thats what they ordered. And Im just left alone. Like, Thats what you thought I said over there? You dont think I would have said ‘iced coffee with whipped cream? You think Im just some nut job? Like, Ive had too many problems in this Starbucks, so Im gonna use the words that I want and no other words: Iced coffee, whipped cream, cup. And they didnt have a top for it. So whipped cream, it doesnt sink and become less embarrassing. It moves. Its like a buoy in an ocean that everybody sees. Im walking through the crowd like, This is my favorite drink. I dont know if you guys drink this at all. Does anybody… Nobody does this? Im surprised. And I walked outside and threw it away and tried again at a different Starbucks. All right. Thank you, guys. I cant thank you enough. You are unbelievable. Thank you so much for coming out. You were, uh, really, youre awesome.

KEVIN HART@IRRESPONSIBLE@2019@[heartbeat] [indistinct chatter] [atmospheric whooshing] [audience cheering] Its showtime, honey? Babe, Im gone. [woman] Coming. Alright. See you later. [girl] Love you. Showtime, baby, lets go. Show time, bro. [heartbeat] Ill see you on the other side, baby. [man] Lets go bro, lets do what you do. – Have a good show, chief. – Thank you, sir. [man] Go get it, Kev. Good. Lets go, baby. Mom, I know youre watching over me. Ill know youre proud. In your name we pray, amen. [accelerated heartbeats] [audience cheers rising] Showtime! [thunderbolt] My last joke just went viral! [Kendrick Lamars Humble starts] ? Right stroke put lil baby in a spiral ? Soprano C We like to keep it on a high note ? ? Its levels to it, you and I know ? ? Bitch, be humble Sit down ? God dammit, London yall can do better than that. Yall better make some fucking noise. [crowd erupts] ? Be humble (bitch) (Hol up) Bitch, sit down ? Im gonna ask yall one more time. Yall better make some fucking noise one time. ? Be humble (bitch) (Hol up) Bitch, sit down ? Welcome, welcome to the Irresponsible tour. Were about to have a good time. Uh… The name is Irresponsible for a lot of reasons. Well get into all those reasons as the show goes on. I dont really like to waste time. I feel like when Im out here, we might as well get to the shit. Lets just… lets just get to the shit. Okay? Lets talk about my first irresponsible move this year. My uh… My first irresponsible move this year actually involves my kids. My kids caught me and my wife fucking. Lets just start… Lets just start here. Theres no real way to ease into it. So I just got to go for it. Okay? Both kids. Both kids caught us fucking. If it was one, it wouldnt have been that bad, but it was both. My son saw us first. I saw him when he saw us cause he called his sister. Hes like, Come here! Hurry up! Come here! The crazy thing is, I couldnt even get mad. I couldnt get mad at them because they came in my room based off of a rule that I put in place. I dont like locked doors in my house. Dont lock your goddamn door. The worst thing in the world for a parent is to not be able to get in his childs room when he wants to. Dont lock your goddamn door! Especially my daughter. I told her, Lock that door again, I promise you Ill kick the door down. Dont lock that goddamn door again. I go to my daughters room, the doors locked. I said, What did I say Id do? Didnt I say Id kick the door down? She said Wait, Im almost finished. [laughs] Oh, my God! Oh, my God! In my mind, I thought the worst. In my mind, she was cooking cocaine. Thats what I believe. Shes got to be. You know why? You know why I thought the worst? I thought the worst because I know what I was doing as a child whenever I was in my room when my door was closed. When I was in my room with the door closed, I was always doing the worst shit possible on the other side of the goddamn door. Every time my mom bust into my room, true story people, my dick was always in my hand. I swear to God, every time. What are you doing, boy? Ahhh! Ahhh! Ah! One time, she came in and I had my dick in this hand and I had matches in this hand. I dont know what was about to happen, but she got there right on time. I told her there was about to be a hot dick in this bathroom. I was going to set this dick on fire. Ahh! The worst thing about my kids catching us having sex is that we were having sex in positions that you couldnt play off. You know theres some sexual positions that you can play off. Theres a lot of couples here tonight. I see you with your lady, sir. If you and your lady are having sex and your lady laying on the side and your kids come and bust in the room, you can play that off. All you got to do is sit up, act like youre watching TV. Hey! Hey! Get the fuck out here. Dont come back in here till we done watching TV. If you real good and you got your bottom half covered up, when you sit up, you can technically keep fucking while you talking. Hey, hey! Get your ass out the goddamn room. Dont come in the goddamn room. Your lady be trying to talk. Dont come in here. This is my favorite part of the show. You can play it off. Missionary, you can play that off. You having sex in the missionary position and your kids come and bust in the room. All you got to do is fall down and collapse on your lady. [pretends to snore] Make it look like you asleep. Kids are stupid, theyll believe it. Shhh! Doggie style is tough. Thats a tough one. Ass naked doggy style in the middle of the bed. Thats tough to playoff. Youre caught, like… What do you do? What… What do you do? Oh, shit! You got one move. You got one move. You gotta make it look like you playing American football just.. hut hut! Hut, hut, hut! Get your ass out here. Were going over football plays. Get out of here. Were playing a couple down the street this week. Get your ass up out of here. My biggest fear was I didnt want my kids to try to talk to me about what they saw. Please God. Dont let my kids talk to me about the shit that they saw. Im a firm believer in letting information float in the air and disappear. I dont like to talk about it. Let it float in the air and disappear. I go downstairs and see my son in the kitchen. My son gave me a look that said that he wanted to ask me about what he just saw. I gave him a look back that said, Dont you fucking ask me about nothing that you just saw. I knew he wasnt really gonna try to ask me, cause he got in trouble at school earlier that week. I had to take my sons phone from him, which is the worst thing to do to a child. Taking a kids phone is detrimental to a childs lifestyle. As soon as I took his phone, he immediately turned into a crackhead instantly. Instantly! I said, Give me the phone. Youre not getting the phone till you get your shit together. I snatched the phone. He broke down. He said, [quavering voice] Come on, Daddy, dont do me like that. [chuckles] He starts moving. Dont do me like that, Daddy. He said, Take my leg instead. Take my leg. What? Boy, give me the goddamn phone. Youre not getting the phone back till you get your shit together. When I take the phone, I say to myself, You know what? I need to go through my sons phone. I need to see what my son has been talking about on his goddamn phone. Its irresponsible on my part, as a parent to not know whats on my sons phone. I gotta go through the phone. I realize I dont have the code. I dont got the thumbprint, the face ID, nothing. I gotta go back to this little nigga and ask him to put the damn code in the phone. Put the code in so I can see what you been talking about. Straight-faced, my son said, No, man, I aint going to do it. Uh, what? Put the code in before I punch you in the fucking throat. Thats what I said. I said that. He took off running. Like he dont live in this house. Like Im not gonna see him at dinner in ten minutes. Aint nobody chasing you. Gimme the code to the phone before I kick you in the back. Swear to God, from downstairs, all I heard was, Fuck you! [elongated] Oh! Im gonna kill him. Im about to kill him. I run downstairs, grab my son by the neck. I start choking the shit out of my son. What the fuck you say to me? He couldnt breathe. He was, argh! He said, Thats the code! The code is ‘Fuck you.' Oh. Thats a good code son. Thats a good code. Is it Y-O-U or the letter U? How you spell it? I scratched your neck up real good. I apologize. Im gonna get you a turtleneck, so you dont have to go to school looking like that. Im sorry. My kids are getting older. Daughters 13, my son is ten now. Older they get, the more the arguments escalate. I caught my kids cursing at each other the other day. This shit made me laugh. If youre a parent here tonight, and you dont think your kids curse, youre a stupid parent. Youre stupid. As soon as you walk out the house, your kids let it fly. Fuck, mother bitch, shit, dick, pussy, asshole, bitch. It dont even go together. They say it at the same time. [laughter] I heard my daughter going off on my son, giving him the business. Im asleep. Im laying on the couch. Shes snapping. Im sick of your shit, Hendricks. You keep fucking with me, Im gonna bust your ass. I said, Goddamn. Wait a minute. What the hell is going on in there? I dont want to blow my cover cause I want to hear what my son says back. I want to hear my sons rebuttal. My son is exactly like me when I was a child. Were identical, were exactly the same. My son is such a bitch. Hes such a bitch. This is what my son said. My son goes… Honestly, really, then what, nothing. So why are we talking about it? Okay. What? He… He stormed off like he won. Okay. In my sons defense though, man, hes got it bad. I dont know what it is about older sisters and their younger brothers. Older sisters love to whip up on their younger brothers. I dont know why, its a real thing. She dragged him down the steps the other day. I didnt see it, I heard it. I just heard my son. He was like, Oh, God, not again. [bumping sounds] Just heard the fucking steps. But shes a tough girl. My daughters not a little girly girl. Shes a little tomboy, man. Shes a tough fucking girl. She just got her period not too long ago. Took it like a champ. Shoulder-shrugged it like it was nothing. I was nervous. I was nervous cause I knew it was coming. I saw the signs: emotions, feelings all over the goddamn place. I tried to prepare for this period as if it was an earthquake. I went out… I bought a bunch of emergency period kits, put them in jacket pockets, her book bags. My fear was I didnt want my baby to get the blood butt at school. That was my fear. If your baby get the blood butt, you got to relocate. You cant send that child back to that school. You gotta fucking get a new school, you gotta move. Theres a bunch of expenses that go into that problem. She came downstairs, she caught me off guard. She was like, Dad, I think my periods on. I panicked. Fuck! Right now? Is it happening right now? She said, Mm-hm, somethings coming down my leg. Oh! All my training went out the window. I said, Go in the kitchen, get a gallon of milk, drink it. Hurry up. Itll freeze the blood up. I dont know where I got that from. I pulled that out my ass. I opened up a maxi-pad like it was a grenade. I said, Argh! Argh! [laughs] I fucking missed! Shit stuck to her face. It was bad. That was a bad situation. You know what I love the most about my kids? I love that my kids dont add stress to my life. I got enough stress going on as it is. Im on marriage number two. That within itself is stressful. The reason why, sir, is because this marriage has to work. It has to! You dont want to get to marriage three, four, and five. When you get there, at that point, youre not even looking for love. Youre just looking for a death buddy. Youre looking for somebody to die with. You try and die together? Yes or no? Ill die with you, if you die with me. Crazy thing about my relationship is that its on display. Everybody can see it, everybody can judge it. I dont give a shit. I dont care. Its the bed I made for myself, I lay in it. What makes me laugh is when people act like they live my life. Like you walk in my shoes. Shit hit the fan for me and my marriage. Everybody had an opinion. Ugh, ugh, ugh! Kevin Hart did it again. Kevin Hart fucked up again. I want to make something clear to everyone here tonight. I did not fuck up again. Okay? In my first marriage, I filed for a divorce. That means I chose to leave. That means I made a better decision for me and my life. Thats not fucking up. Thats me moving on. Okay? Now, this time, I fucked up. This was fucking up, yes. Yes. But I dont like it when people act like you plan to fuck up. Nobody plans to fuck up. Thats why its called a fuck-up. You dont walk outside, like, today is the perfect day for a fuck-up. Im, Im… Im fucking up all day today. This is fuck-up weather, thats what this is. Thats not how it happens! The important thing is to learn from it. You got to learn from your fuck-ups. Lesson number one that I learned, is that whatever happens in Vegas, does not stay in Vegas! Dont believe that shit! That commercials a goddamn lie. It should be taken off the television. For the first time in my life, I had to look in a mirror. Had to look in a mirror. I had to have a conversation with myself. Goddamnit, Kevin. What are you doing? What are you doing? Youre almost 40 years old, youre still doing the same dumb shit, grow up! Grow up! Me realizing I had to grow up meant that I had to go back to my wife, make my wife feel secure and understanding that I was done doing the dumb shit. That put me in heavy kiss-my-wifes-ass mode. Thats a bad place to be, fellas. I dont know if youve been there, but its a fucked up place. You do the same thing everyday. Yep, yep, yep, whatever you need. This is all you do. Yep, yep, yep. I got it, I got it. Ill do it, Ill do it, Ill do it, Ill do it. Every day. With that being said, youre now fighting for your womans security. Now when you try to fight to make sure your woman feels secure, you end up being insecure as a man. The reason why is because youre questioning yourself. Is she happy? Is she satisfied? Is the sex still good? Im gonna ask her. No, I cant. If I ask her, I look weak. Now you start searching. True story. I went out, I bought a mirror, put it on my ceiling for no reason at all. It was a Tuesday, true story. You dont do no shit like that on a Tuesday. Thats a weekend move. Not a Tuesday move. It was all good until I caught a reflection of myself in that mirror when we were fucking. Let me tell you something, people. Whatever you think you look like when you fucking, I promise you, you dont look like that. I promise you. Im not talking about you posing in front of the mirror. Im talking about an unexpected glimpse of yourself in the goddamn mirror. I saw the bottom of my feet. I have never been more disgusted with myself as a man until I saw the bottom of my goddamn feet. My feet were black as shit. Where was I at? I didnt wear shoes today? Jesus Christ! I wouldnt fuck nobody with feet like this! Its disgusting. My back was ashy, I had bumps on my ass. When did my ass break out like this? Had a full batch of measles on my ass and didnt know it. I immediately booked a doctors appointment. Yall gotta fix this. I got braille on my butt, this is disgusting. Whenever you go through any insecurities, especially when it comes to sex, as a man, we all turn to the same place for answers. Every man in this room has turned to porn at some point in time. Stupidest shit that a man can do. Heres why I say its stupid. We dont give people that do porn enough credit and enough respect. Those people are professional actors and actresses. Thats what they do for a living. You cant just watch that shit and go home and try it. It dont work like that. Thats like watching a karate movie, going outside, getting in a fight, telling everybody to back up so you can roundhouse kick this nigga in the head. You dont know how to do that kick. Its the same thing with porn. Im not speaking from a hypothetical place. Ive been there. Ive done it. Ive tried it. I watched porn with my wife. Tried to do the shit that I saw. I was nervous about it. I was having a conversation with myself. Should I do it? Should I fucking do it? Should I try it? I had good Kevin on this side. Bad Kevin was on this side. Good Kevin popped up. Good Kevin had on a pair of khakis and a v-neck sweater. He said, Absolutely not. Dont do it. Thats a good woman. You talk to her first. Bad Kevin popped up. Bad Kevin had on a pair of leather pants and a fishnet tank top. He was doing this, Bad, Kevin. Bad, Kevin said, You going to listen to a man with khakis on? No, no! He said, Do it then, do it! Out of nowhere, I spit on my wife. Puh! It was quick. Right in the fucking forehead. Puh! A loogie right on her goddamn forehead. [woman cackles] There was an awkward beat of silence. Nobody said nothing. It was quiet. Out of nowhere, she was like, You just fucking spit on me! The complete opposite reaction from the lady in the porn. The lady in the porn went crazy when it happened. She was like… [whimpering] Ooooh! Ooooh! This spit making me so hot! Oh! This spit gonna make me cum. Oh! In my mind, I was like, Thats how you make them cum. You gotta spit on their fucking heads. Ive been doing it wrong all this time. I even told my wife, Youre not doing it right. You got to rub it in. Thats how you fucking cum. I had to go downstairs, get a baby wipe. Clean her head off. That was embarrassing. I go to get back in the bed. She want to talk about it. What did I tell you guys? I dont like to talk. Let it float in the air and disappear. I dont want to talk about it. As soon as I get in the bed, she was like, Did you really just spit on me? I almost lied, I almost lied. Even though I know that she know that I know I did it, I almost fucking lied. The reason why is because bad Kevin popped back up. Bad Kevin was like… Say it was a leak in the ceiling. I said, Now get… the hell out of here bad Kevin. Yes. Yes. I spit on you. Why? I dont know. I was watching porn, I saw some shit, I tried it. She said, Kevin let me tell you something. I dont care if you watch porn. Dont be stupid enough to bring the shit you saw in our house. She said, I watch porn all the time. I dont try to do the shit that I saw to you. I said, Er… Back the fuck up. When did this become a [shouting] whorehouse? The hell you mean you watching porn? What the hell are you watching? Shes like, Everything. [echoing] Argh! Instantly, it got hurt. The reason why it hurt me is because I fucking couldnt separate my pride from reality. This is a problem that all men have. See, reality is, if she wants to watch porn, she can. If I want to watch porn, I can. Thats how it should be. But my pride… my pride wont let it be that way. My pride wanted to know what she was watching. I want to see it. Let me see it with my eyes. I want to see it. She said, You want to see it? Let me see it. She got her laptop, opened it up. She said, My porn search is in my cookies. All you got to do is search my cookies. I said, You better get me a glass of milk cause Im about to eat all these goddamn cookies. The shit that I saw hurt my heart. It hurt me. The reason why is because her porn search was the complete opposite of who I am. Everything I saw was big. Everything was big. Big balls to the walls, big bats on big blacks, big cocks and socks. What the fuck is going on? One of the sites wasnt even porn. It was a bunch of tall men being active. They were changing light bulbs, putting shit on shelves, hanging paintings. What kind of sick shit is this? What the fuck is this? She was like, You cant do none of that stuff, I like that stuff. Agh! [chuckles] I went out and bought me one of them grab sticks after that. You know those sticks? They got the claw on it, so you can grab stuff. I went and bought one. I didnt tell her. I just put it under my bed, waited for the next time we were having sex. I was like, Yo. You know this picture by the bed is crooked. She was like… Dont worry about it, well get somebody to come and fix it. I was like, Or not. And I fucking… I got the stick. She was like… [whimpering] Ohhhh! You fucking like that shit? You like that shit? Grab stick saved my marriage is what Im trying to tell you all, man. Its important to understand that you go through levels in life. Theres tons of levels, man. As you go through these levels, fucking just understand what they were, and become better. Im gonna give you guys one gem. If you take nothing from this show tonight, take this one piece of information with you. So many people are on this journey to live a perfect life. I personally think its stupid. The reason why I say its stupid is because you have no idea what perfection is, unless youve experienced imperfection. The point that Im making, is that you should embrace your flaws and fuck-ups because they help make you who youre supposed to be. Dont run away from your bullshit. Embrace it and become better. – Thats my message. – [crowd applauding] Now… right now… right now, were actually at a new stage. We just had a baby. Nine months ago. Kenzo Kash Hart, man. Thank you. Father of three! Father of three now. Now, heres the thing. People thought I was playing around when I first talked about it, but I wasnt. I didnt know if I really wanted to have another baby. I felt like I did it. I got the best of both worlds. I got a boy. I got to girl. Were married. My kids are your kids. You got kids. Those are your kids. She was like, I know but theyre old. I want new ones. First of all, listen to me. Dont talk about my fucking kids like theyre used cars. Aint nothing wrong with these goddamn kids. Shes like, I know I just want new ones. The thing is, I didnt know if I had the patience to deal with kids. That two year old age, you need patience to deal with a two-year-old baby. All you do is repeat yourself all goddamn day to a two-year-old child. You say the same shit over and over again. Hey, hey, come here, look at me. Hey. Look at me. What did I say? No. Come here, look at me, hey, look at me. What did I… no! Come here, look at me. Hey, hey, what did I… look at me. What did I say? What? No, come here. Look… Hey, hey. Look at… you want to get, ah! You want to… no! Come here, look at me. Aint nobody got time to do that shit all day. Ladies, stop assuming that every man has that patience because we dont. We dont have the patience. Another thing ladies… Stop making these old ass men have these fucking babies. I was at a park. I saw a 63-year-old man with a two-year-old baby. It was sad. He was treating the baby like a loose basketball at the playground. Hey, hey, grab that baby, hey, goddamn. Ah! Fucking back! Goddamn! Somebody grab that, baby. Throw that baby back. But he was a cool old head. You know, those old head that are stuck in that era? In this era right here? He was cool as shit. He did not know how to work none of the baby shit. So he was trying to get my attention. He was like, Hey, hey. Youngblood! Hey, youngblood, let me holler at you real quick, hey. Youngblood. [sings] Stay it! [normal] Youngblood, let me holler at you real quick. – [crowd erupts] – Let me holler at you, youngblood. I got the stroller up, but I cant get it down. Its like a hard dick on a good night. Hello. Give me some. Come on now, youngblood. Give me some. You know, what Im talking about. I said, Look, its a tap and release. All you do is tap the middle section and the stroller gone collapse. He said, Show me how to do it, youngblood. I tapped the stroller, the stroller collapsed. He lost it. He said, Get out! Shit! Yeah, yeah. Youngblood, can you follow me to my car help me properly strap my baby in the car seat? I dont think I did it right on the way over here. Lets just say I made a left and my baby slid from the right and smacked her head on the glass on the left hand side. She was bleeding and everything. Ill tell her mother it happened at the playground, but between us, it did not. Give me some. Come on now, hello. You know what Im talking about. Ladies, I will say this though. When it comes to having patience, you got it. I take my hat off to you. You actually deserve all the accolades that come your way when it comes to dealing with a child, ladies. Feeding your kid, bathing your kid, clothing your kid, to school, from school, potty training. Some of you do it while you work, its un-fucking-believable. Unbelievable. But… but… the one thing that you are not, ladies, is fun. Youre not fun. I know some women instantly got an attitude. What? Bullshit! Im fucking fun. You dont even know. Im so much fun. No, youre not. Youre not. Youve never heard a kid say, I cant wait to get home and play with my mom. You aint never heard that. Its never happened. The reason why is because you try to blur the lines, ladies. You want to do it all. You want to be the fun parent and the disciplinarian. You cant be both. You gotta pick one. See, the fun tag gets slapped on the dads back. We dont ask for it. Its just the way it is. We dont want to be the disciplinarian either, but you make us become the disciplinarian. As soon as a man walks in the house, you hit him with the bullshit. Go in there and go fuck that baby up! What? What? I just got home. I just walked in the house. You going to let him disrespect us? Us? Aint nobody said shit to me. Aint nobody said shit to me. Now, youve gotta give a confused ass-whipping. Your mother said I got to fuck you up. What I do? I dont know. I dont know what you did. She said fuck you up or get fucked up. I choose you. Im gonna fuck you up. Right now, I know some women are thinking to themselves like, So what Kevin? If its about having fun, then just go have fun. Its not that easy. Having fun is a very difficult job. The reason why I say that is because kids dont know how to shut fun off. Kids think fun lasts forever. Ill tell you the scariest shit in the world for a man to see after a long day at work. Long day at work, you get home, you put your key in the door, you open up that door real slow. Scariest shit in the world for a man to see is that baby with all that energy on the other side. Oh, yeah! Daddy home. Its time to play. I want to play, Daddy. Ive been taking naps with Mommy all day. I want to play that game where you try to close your eyelids and I keep opening them back up. Oh, yeah. Its time to play, Daddy. I make a bet. I make a bet right now to every man in this room that has a child, has done what Im about to say at least one time. At least one time. Long day at work, youre in your car, driving home. You pull in your driveway. When you pull in your driveway, that baby with all that energy runs to the window, opens up the blinds. Oh, yeah! Daddy home. Its time to play. You see the baby in the blinds. The baby sees you. You and the baby are looking at each other. You locked eyes with a goddamn baby. Youre staring at the baby, the baby staring at you. And you back out the driveway. You back out the goddamn driveway. Fuck that baby today. Id rather go back to work and throw boxes at the goddamn wall than deal with that baby today. Where are you going, Daddy? Fuck you, baby. Fuck you, baby. Youre only laughing because its true. With that being said, its very important to understand your patience. You got to know your patience levels. The older you get, the thinner your patience gets. My patience is definitely wearing thin. I know it is. You know how I know? Because Im not the same guy that I used to be with my dogs. Im a dog dude, people. I love dogs, you hear me? I love dogs. Shouts out to my other dog lovers if youre here tonight. – Shouts out to you. – [crowd members whooping] Love dogs. I got two dogs. I got a big ass Doberman. Thats Roxy. Thats my heart. Love Roxy to death. Then we got a little Min Pin. Thats Riggs. Im gonna be honest. I dont give a fuck about that dog. Thats my wifes dog. I dont care. I dont care about that dog. But my dog, my dog is trained, trained to the max. But I got comfortable. I got comfortable with my dog. When you get comfortable, things change. True story, I wake up 5:30 in the morning, I walk in my hallway. My dog went to the bathroom in the hallway. I see it. I got a decision to make. Do I go get my dog, discipline my dog and clear this up right now? Or do I back into bed and deal with it later when I wake up? Its 5:30. I chose to get back into bed. Ill deal with it later when I wake up. 7:15 my wife wakes up, all I hear is, Oh, my God! The dog went to the bathroom in the hallway. I sat up acting like I didnt know nothing. You got to be fucking kidding me! I said, You want me to get it? You want me to clean it up? She was like, No, Im up now. Ill get it. I was like, Exactly. Exactly. I knew youd get it. Thats why I left it there. I exactly-d you. At that moment, I thought to myself, Goddammit, Kevin. Is this the kind of man you want to be? Do you want to be the man who doesnt give a 100% cause you know your other half is going to put up the percentage you failed to give? No, I dont. I dont. I was about to be, I was about to be that guy until my best friend, Harry, showed up in my house with his two-year-old baby. Harrys got a two-year-old baby. I call his baby a great baby. Let me tell you what I mean when I say a great baby. A great baby is a baby that does adult shit at a baby age. Now, Harry showing up at my house with his baby unannounced was a bitch move. I didnt like that at all. That was a bitch move. But my wife fell for it. As soon as she saw the baby, she was like, Oh, my God. Oh, my God. No. No. You havent had a break since you had that baby. Leave the baby with me and Kev. We gonna watch the baby for yall today. He said, Kev is that okay with you? I said, As you can see, I dont run my household. I have no control over my household. They leave the baby with us. They get in the car, they drive off. Heres how I knew this was a great baby. When they drive off, the great babys waving bye, shes on the front step. She turns around, taps me on the leg twice. She said, Pardon me. I said, What the fuck did you just say? Thats a little black baby. Ive never heard a black person say pardon me. Never! I move out the way. The great baby walks in the kitchen. I tell my wife the great baby might be hungry. Lets see if she wants something to eat. You want a sandwich? Great baby says, Yes. We make a sandwich, put it on a plate, set it on the countertop. The plate made a noise when it hit the countertop. The great baby tapped the countertop and looked at me. She said, Granite? Is it granite? I said, What the fuck? Yes. Yes, great baby. That is a granite countertop. Whos been watching HGTV with this baby? Im blown away. At this point, I feel like I dont even need to be around the baby. Ive seen enough. I go in the living room, I finish watching TV. Great baby follows me, get on the couch, starts watching TV with me. We get done watching TV, the great baby gets off the couch, but she didnt get off the couch like a regular baby. Regular babies turn on their stomach and slide down until their feet hit something. Sometimes its the floor, sometimes its not. Thats the gamble that a regular baby is willing to take. The great baby didnt do that. The baby sat up at the edge and jumped. She landed, put both hands in the air. She looked at me, she said, Ten? Is it a ten? Youre fucking right its a goddamn ten, great baby. You stuck the shit out of that landing! At this point, Ive seen enough! Ive seen enough, Im blown away by her. She can take care of herself. Great baby is now walking all over the house. Once again, this is a true story. Ten minutes go by. Ten minutes go by. I smell shit. I smell it. I turn around, theres a pile of shit in the middle of my living room floor. My Dobermans on this side, the great baby is on this side. Now Im pissed. My dog didnt bark. You didnt scratch the door. Now youre in trouble. I grab my dog by the collar. I discipline my dog. You know better than this. You dont go to the bathroom in the house and more importantly, you dont embarrass me in front of this goddamn great baby. I go put my dog in the cage. I go back to clean it up. I look at it. Thats not my dogs shit. I know what my dogs shit looks like. It dont look like that. I look at the great baby. The great baby got on a white Pamper. Theres no shit anywhere around the Pamper. Now, Im confused. ‘Cause I know what Im looking at. Somebodys shitting on the floor. Im looking at shit on the floor. Somebodys shitted on the floor. Im so confused. I go wake my wife up. My wifes sleeping on the couch. Babe. Babe, wake up. Wake up. What? Hey. Wake up! What? Hey! Did you shit on that floor before you laid on this goddamn couch? – What? – Did you shit on the floor before you laid on this goddamn couch? – Aint nobody shit on no floor. – Somebodys shitted on the floor. I turn back around. Me and the great baby lock eyes. Now, I feel like the great babys trying to play me. I said, Great baby, I been nothing but good to you, since you been in my house. You came in the house, you wanted something to eat. I made you a sandwich. We watched TV. You jumped off the couch. I gave you a ten. For you to shit on my floor is disrespectful. Did you shit on my floor? The great baby was like, Pardon me? Shut the… Shut up, shut up! Shut up! Did you shit on my floor? Great baby put both hands in the air and turned around as if to say, Check me. I take two fingers. I put my fingers in the back of the Pamper. I pull the Pamper out. Theres no shit in the back of the Pamper. At this point, Im fucked up in the head. Now, I question myself. Did… Did I shit on the floor? I didnt shit on no floor. I would know if I shitted on the floor. I didnt shit on the floor. I apologize to the great baby. Great baby, Im sorry. I shouldnt have came at you like that. You been great since youve been in my house. You know what Im gonna do? Look at my security cameras. I got cameras all over the house. I go look at the cameras. Whoever shit on my floor was a mastermind. This was a planned attack. I say that because they shitted in the one blind spot that I have in my house. I couldnt see a damn thing from this spot. So I had to take one for the team. I go get the cleaning materials. I come back, I clean it up. It took me 45 minutes to get this up out of the carpet. Im pissed! Pissed! Harry comes back to get the great baby. You had a good time? You all enjoy the baby? My wife is ecstatic. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We love that baby. What about you Kev? I said, Thats a great baby. Youre doing a good job. Can we talk? Away from everybody, please? I just want to tell you that I snapped on the great baby. I was pissed off cause somebody shitted on my floor. He said, What? I said, Somebody shitted on my floor. He said, Oh, my God. She did that. I said, Excuse me? He said, She did that. She know how to take her Pamper, pull it to the side to shit wherever shes at. Then shell put the Pamper back. I forgot to tell you that when I dropped her off. How the fuck do you forget to tell me that? That shouldve been the first thing you said when you dropped this shitty-ass baby off at my goddamn house. My dog came up. My dog was like, You got to put that bitch in the cage. I said, Hey. Hey! Go lay down, go lay down. I said, Dude, Im pissed off. It took me 45 minutes to get it out of the carpet. My wife was like, Exactly. I said, Babe, not now. Let me handle it. She said, Im just saying ‘Exactly.' I said, Exactly what? She said, I saw the baby when she did it, but I didnt feel like cleaning up, so I just acted like I was asleep. I said, Aint this about a bitch? Aint this about a bitch? She exactly-d me back, people. She got me good. Im gonna be honest with you guys. I dont really like having company over my house. I dont. The reason why… is because my house got robbed. Whenever your house gets robbed, it messes with you mentally. Its all about protecting my household. Im the man of the house. Im going to protect my household. So I went out. I bought nine guns. Put them in secret compartments all over my house. Understand something. You cannot put guns in secret compartments in your house without playing out fake scenarios in your head that help justify you putting the guns in these places. This is where you go crazy. I was in the house for three hours by myself, acting out shit that never happened. Oh… Oh, shit. Oh, shit. This how you gonna do me? Huh? You going to rob me at the front door? – Okay… Okay. – [tense action music begins] Ima give you what you want. Ima give you what you want. Just let me check the mailbox one last time. Gun compartment. Oh, shit! Oh, shit! This how youre going to do me? Huh? You going to rob me in the guest bathroom? Okay. Okay. Ima give you what you want. Ima give you what you want. Just let me wipe my ass one last time. Gun compartment. Oh, shit! Oh, shit. This how you gonna do me? Huh? You going to rob me in the kitchen while Im cooking for my family on Thanksgiving? Okay. Okay. Ima give you what you want. Ima give you what you want. Just let me open the oven and check on the turkey one last time. Gun compartment. Oh, shit! Oh, shit! This how youre gonna do me? Huh? You going to rob me in the living room while Im sitting on the couch in front of the fireplace, masturbating? Okay. Okay. Ima give you what you want. Ima give you what you want. Just let me log off of PornHub one last time. Gun compartment. Oh, shit! Oh, shit! [laughs] This… This how youre gonna do me? You gonna… Youre going to rob me in the laundry room while taking… while Im taking my clothes out of the washing machine and putting them in the dryer? Okay. Okay. Alright, we got… Oh… No I gotta… I gotta get through it. Let me get through it. This is my favorite joke, alright. You… [choking with laughter] You… You gonna rob me in the laundry room? While Im taking my clothes out of the washing machine and putting them in the dryer? Okay. Okay. Ima give you what you want. Ima give you what you want. Just… just let me add some fabric softener sheets. Gun compartment. Yeah, nine guns all over the house. Then I got robbed again in the one spot that I forgot to put a gun. So I spent the whole time I was getting robbed trying to get them to go where the guns were. Come on man, fuck! Agh. [high-pitched] Thats how youre gonna do me? Dont nobody got to use the guest bathroom? Come on, man. Ill wipe your butt. Ill wipe your butt, please! Please… Yall just gonna rob me on empty stomachs? Dont nobody want no left-over turkey? Its in the oven. At least let me masturbate on the couch one last time. Come on, man. I aint gay. Im just trying to have a good time. Dont do me like this. Let me get my clothes out the washing machine and put them in the dryer. Are you gonna let my clothes mildew, you selfish son of a bitch. [chuckling] I still allow my closest friends to come over my house once a month. Once a month. We have game night at my house once a month. Im gonna be honest with you, people. I personally dont like game night. I cant stand game night. I think game night brings the worst out in couples, especially in my household cause were way too competitive. We play Monopoly. But I dont like the way we play Monopoly. We dont play it correctly. We allow the negotiations to go outside of the game of Monopoly. For example, heres how we negotiate. Lets say were playing. Right, heres how we negotiate. I say, Alright, look. You can land on my property two times without paying, but you got to pay my parking ticket that I got in real life yesterday. If you agree to that… Thats our deal. You understand what Im saying? Last time we played, I got pissed because the women got drunk. When women get drunk… Women, you guys can get stupid when you get drunk. You got two levels, ladies. You got not drunk and stupid. You skip all this space, like literally! You just hop over all the fucking space. Its either, No, Im not drinking like that tonight, or its, Oh, my God, Im so fucked up! Its one or the other. Its so… Oh, my God! I cant believe I got this fucked up. Somebody put one of the Monopoly pieces in my butt. What? What did you say? Im so fucked up! They messed up the game and I was killing the game. I was destroying the goddamn game. Now, I can admit Im very childish when I play board games. Very childish. Whenever you land on my property, I make DJ noises. [DJ air horn] Every time you land on my property. [DJ air horn] You gotta pay that. You gotta fucking pay that. [DJ air horn] My wife was drunk. She landed on my property, I lit her up. [DJ air horn] You gotta fucking pay that! You gotta pay that! Ever seen a woman when shes drunk? She tries to talk like shes not drunk, but shes clearly drunk. She was like, Alright, alright. Alright… It aint even that serious like… How… how m- [hiccups] How m… how much… how much I owe you? What I owe you? I look down, she dont have no money. You dont even have money! Stop wasting time, take your piece, put it in the box. Give the fuck up, you lost! [DJ air horn] Get the fuck out of here. You gonna do me like that. You gonna do your wife like that? Yes! Yes! Its a game, all I want to do is win. I took her piece. I plucked it, bam! That shit shot across the room somewhere. [DJ air horn] Get the fuck out of here. All my trash-talk is within the game of Monopoly. She takes it outside the game of Monopoly. She goes, All you want to do is win? Thats all you want to do? Well, all I want to do is cum sometimes. What? Whatcha? What? What? The fucks that got to do with anything? Whats that got to do with the goddamn game? Out of nowhere, Harry and Wayne stood up, like… [DJ air horn] He dont make her cum. I said, Aint this a bitch? I got mad. I messed up the game. Everybody out, get the fuck out, everybody out my house. Get out! They start walking out, Harry and Wayne was like, Man, fuck this house and his fake-ass guard dogs. When he said that, a light bulb went off in my head for the first time. I immediately thought to myself… Where were my dogs when I got robbed? Where… were my dogs? I run. I go look at those security cameras. Ill be damned if I didnt see four eyes in the closet doing this shit right here. They looked at the whole thing. You could hear them talking. Goddamn, theyre taking everything. You see this? This is ridiculous. Theyre not leaving nothing behind. Im glad we got our stuff in here. You got your bed, you got your bowl. He gotta get a guard dog. Im not going to live like this. This is not safe for us. Bitch, you are the guard dog! [Kevin laughs] You need friends like the ones I got. I have amazing friends, man. I truly believe that I would not be where I am today, if it were not for my support group. My friends have a lot to do with my level of success. Thats why Im loyal to them, thats why Im true to them. Over the summer, I took them to Japan. I said, Lets do something different. Lets embrace another culture. The word No cannot exist. They said, You bet, lets do it. We go to Japan. First thing they wanted to do in Japan is go to the amusement park. Now, if you really know me, if you really follow me, you know I dont like amusement parks. But I said the word no doesnt exist and thats what I meant. We go to the amusement park in Japan. When we got there, I have to be honest. I was blown away. The shit was incredible. The reason why I was blown away is because I… I was the tallest person in the park. This is a true story. Its a true story. They were calling me Godzilla. I gave advice that I never give, telling people to drink milk, eat their vegetable, shit Ive never said. We go to get on a roller-coaster. Once again, I dont do roller coasters. But I said the word no doesnt exist, and thats what I meant. We go to get on this roller coaster and it made me realize how spoiled some of us are. Were very spoiled. For example, we go to the amusement park. We get on a roller coaster, youre used to hearing a click when you put the shit over your head. [clicks] Thats how you know youre locked in. Ha, ha. Yeah. Lets go bitch, locked and loaded. Im ready. In Japan, there was no click. They put the shit over me. I can still move it. I was like… I got no click. My shit aint clicked I aint got no click, yo. I look down my row at some Japanese people in the aisle. I was like, Yo, I aint got no click. This lady took her camera out, started taking pictures. I was like, Bitch, no. This aint the time for that. Its not the time for that. This is serious. Japanese guys walking back down the aisle. I flag him down. Im like, Yo, I aint got no click. I aint got no click. My shit aint clicked. Scariest moment of my life. He looked me in the eye. We lock eyes together. He goes, So excited! So excited! I said, What? Whatd you just say? So excited, so excited. It started moving. The roller coaster started moving. I cant jump out cause its too high. So I wrap up my arm under the bar. I said, God, not like this. You didnt bring me to Japan to end it like this, did you? Dont do it like this. It takes off. When it takes off, my stomach immediately falls in my ass, immediately! My belly button and my ass-hole was touching. It was doing this. I started farting and burping. [makes farting noises] Oh, God Im gonna die. Im gonna fucking die. I know it, Im about to die right now. It turns out, it was one stop. It was a tram. This took you to the roller coaster. Aint nobody told me that. They dont communicate in Japan. The name of the roller coaster was So excited. So excited! We got on the roller coaster and they were like, So excited! I said, No, Im not! You dont see these faeces on my back. I shitted all on myself. Get me the hell out of here. [laughs] Japan was very tough for me, very tough. The reason why Japan was so tough for me is because I didnt have a translator. Nobody told me that I needed a translator. When we got there and saw that I needed one, Fuck it, its too late. I got to figure it out. Heres why it was very tough. I dont eat seafood, people. Im allergic to seafood. Everywhere you go to eat in Japan, its all seafood. Now, you dont want to be racist, you dont want to be an asshole, but you end up doing racist asshole shit by accident when you try to communicate. ‘Cause you dont speak the language, so you just mimic what they do when they talk. Its the most racist thing Ive ever done in my life. Chicken Chicken. Oh, fuck it. I just cant get low. Chicken… [strange accent] Chicken. I saw a reflection of myself. Immediately got disappointed. Jesus Christ, Kevin, look at you. I had a Snickers bar. Lasted me for four days. Id just take a bite, put it in my pocket. I was weak. I was fucking weak, man. I was like, Im hungry, I need to eat. My friends wanted to go out the last night. I said, I cant. Im about to die. Yall go. I just want to go to bed, wake up, get on the plane and eat. Thats all I want to do. They go out, I stay home. I wake up in the middle of night. My stomach is killing me. I called the front desk. A woman picked up the phone. She said, Hello, front desk, may I help you? It was the first time that I heard English outside of my friends in Japan. You would have thought that I was Tom Hanks in Castaway. I lost it. [screams] Ah! Chicken! [sobbing] Please! Chicken! She was like, Sir, calm down. Calm down. – What room are you in? – I dont know. She said, Look at the phone. Your room number is on the phone. Okay. Im… Im in room… Im in room… line, line, dash, cross house. I dont know how to read it. It looks like an abandoned building with no windows, made out of bamboo sticks, I dont know. So excited… I dont know. Help! Did you get it? Did you get the joke? You got it. ‘Cause the way they write their numbers. You got it? I felt like you should have gave a bigger laugh. I dont think your laugh was… is what it should have been. I almost threw this goddamn microphone at your head just now, sir. I love the fact that I can travel. I love the fact that I can take my kids to places that I never dreamed or imagined Id be able to. Every year around the holidays, I take my kids to Aspen. I dont want you to think I take my kids to Aspen because we can ski because we cannot! I just like that were the only black people there when we go. It looks great. It just looks good. Last time we went, I actually got into an accident on the bunny slopes. Im trying to learn how to ski. Now, the bunny slopes, they dont give you ski poles, they take your ski poles away. They want you to get comfortable with going from right to left and falling. So Im on the bunny slopes. They push me down the slope. Im in my ski stance, right? Im going down. Out the corner of my eye, I see a kid coming this way. Now, Im not good at math. Im not good at math at all, but I know if he keeps coming this way and I keep going this way, we going to fuck each other up somewhere up here. As Im getting closer, Im like, Im about to hit this kid. My instructor start yelling, Fall! Fall! Im trying, I cant. I cant, they didnt teach me, Im not going down. Now I gotta make a decision. Do I just run this kid over and keep going? Or do I become a hero? I chose to do some hero shit. As I got closer, I picked the kid up. When I picked the kid up, I thought that the weight would make me stop. But instead, we did a little hop. And we start going down another slope, but this… This was the real shit. This was not a part of the bunny slope. I knew it was real cause when we start going down, this lady, she was like, He got my baby! I was like,Thats not good. That is not good at all. I said, God, please dont let this baby be white. Dont let this be a white baby. ‘Cause I couldnt see the baby, the baby had on a snowsuit. I lift up that visor, that little Japanese head popped out like this. That baby says, So excited! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I got nervous, just left the baby there. I had to go. Last time we went, I got pissed off because the singer Seal showed up on my black week. I was pissed. It was my black week. Ive been coming here for the last four to five years on this week. For you to show up on my black week is very selfish and inconsiderate of you, Seal. He said, Kev, what are you talking about? You dont own this week. I said, Hell if I dont. I do. He said, I didnt know you skied. I said, Why else would I be here unless I skied? He said, What mountain are you going to? Which one are you going to? He said, Buttermilk, the big one. I said, Well, I guess Ill see you there. I go to my instructor, Hey, man, Seal is here. Hes trying to out-black me on my black week. You got to take me and my family up to Buttermilk Mountain. My instructor took us up to Buttermilk mountain. When we got there, he was very honest. He said, Look, you guys have no business being up here. He said, This mountain is way too advanced for you guys. You dont know how to maneuver. If you go straight, youre going to die. So we got to chop the mountain up, we got to make big Ss going down the mountain. I said, Perfect. You go first, then me, then my son, then my daughter then my wife. In my mind, if anybody falls, theyre going to fall on me. Thats how Ill keep my family together. Thats what Im thinking in my head. Okay? We start going down the mountain. Exactly what he said, Its coming true. Were making big Ss. Out of nowhere, a gust of wind shoots by my face. I turn around. I dont see my son. I have no idea… where my son is. I turned back around this way. The instructor said, Oh, my God, your son is going straight, Ill go get him. I said No, youre not. Youre doing no such thing. He made his choice. He chose death. Thats what he chose. Youre not about to go save him and leave us stranded. Next thing you know, I got to eat my wifes ass to survive. My wife was like, I still aint going to cum. Will you shut the fuck… shut up! My daughter was like… [DJ air horn] Shut… everybody shut up! Out of nowhere, Seal came flying over the mountain. Seal was like, Ill save him! The crowd starts fucking cheering. His music start playing out, I dont even know where the goddamn speakers were. Im pissed! I told my instructor, Hey, man, get me to the bottom of the mountain, Seal is trying to out-black me on my black week. We get down to the bottom of the mountain, Seals got my son on his shoulders. Its a crowd of people around him celebrating. Im pissed. Pissed! Seal! Give me back my fucking son, right now, give me my son. He said, You need to be thanking me for saving your sons life. Aint nobody ask you to do that. I was willing to live with the consequences. Give my fucking son back, right now. He said, Youre not to talk to me like that in front of these people. I said, Fuck you and these people. Seal popped out his skis without using his hands. Pop, pop. He got in a fighting stance. I tried to do the same thing, but I couldnt do it. I just ended up leaning all over the place like Michael Jackson in that fucking Smooth Criminal video. The crowd thought it on purpose. They were like, Oh! He said, Cuss at me again, Kevin, Im gonna bust your ass. I said, Fuck you. He said, Fuck you. When he said it, a piece of spit flew out his mouth, landed on my wifes forehead. My wife said, Ahhh! [echoing] Im cumming! Its been real London and my name is Kevin Hart, goddamnit. I appreciate the love. Thank you guys so much. I fucking love you. I love you. And you best believe Ill be back! [50 Cent ft. Chris Brown Im The Man] ? Came in the game gettin money ? ? Flippin checks, whip it, Gettin money ? ? nigga s get to playin with the money Clique bang for the money ? ? Shit changed over money ? ? They love to see a nigga on the bottom ? ? Catch it coming, Gotta keep it on the low ? ? A nigga plug bless a nigga With a whole ? ? Wanna break the bitch down Into 36 Os ? ? Looky here, bitch, Im A-okay Shorty wanna fuck with me ? ? Stripping, yeah, the jiggy, nigga Lady, she gon hit my line ? ? We aint gon waste no time ? ? She sucking and we fucking Like she need me ? ? While she make a bankroll easy ? ? All the light in the room from the TV ? ? We gettin it on then Im gone Its the type of shit that a nigga be on ? ? Too much on my mind right now ? ? Im on the grind right now ? ? Looking for me, sucker, Then I need to be found right now ? ? I got my nine right now Bitch, Ill blow your mind right now ? ? I aint fucking around right now ? ? Better get in line right now ? ? Or fuck around and die right now ? ? Hope you understand that ? ? Bitch, Im the man, ho, Im the man ? ? You know Im the man ? ? Bitch, Im the man, ho, Im the man You know Im the man ? ? Bitch, Im the man, ho, Im the man You know Im the man ? ? Bitch, Im the man, ho, Im the man You know Im the man ?

AMY SCHUMER@GROWING@2019@Yes! Thank you so much, Chicago. Thank you. I used to do something a lot of comics do. I would blame my disgusting behavior on the city I was in. You know how people would be like, Chicago, you got me so fucked up last night! You know? And the crowd was like, Okay. We were not here last night. Denver! You made me fuck that stranger, no condom. Youre crazy, Denver! Armed robbery? Philly, you silly. No, maam. We are concerned for you. Thats all over now. Because Im fucking pregnant! Yeah, I did it. Im amazing. I laid there, and… thats it. Usually, when someone in the public eye gets pregnant, theres, like, a couple of months where theres some rumors about them, you know? Theres some, like, Oop, bump alert! Right? Uh-oh. Uh… I was well into my second trimester. Not one fucking rumor about me. Nothing. I was photographed. Belly out. Theyre like, Theres Amy! Looking happy. I dont know. Doing her. And then so once people knew, they were like, Is she showing? They were like, No more than normal. Kinda… It just kinda looks like she took her Spanx off. There are all these rules about pregnancy that are unsaid. Where is it written that when youre pregnant, you have to cup your little bump in every picture? Its so obnoxious, guys. Every picture. Here… Its all right. Some people do the two hand. I was like, okay, fuck it. Ill do it, but Im going to do it for the rest of my life. Im going to be 90 years old like this, with a cigarette in my mouth like… I do it. I cup the bump… in pictures, but I just do it a little bit lower. I just go right here. ‘Cause this is the area that got me in trouble in the first place. All the questions everyone… What are you having? Do you know what youre having? Hemorrhoids. Any other questions? Why do they ask, What are you craving? What are you craving? Are you craving anything? Cock! Just me and my angel. People always want to see the bump. Thats like the thing. Just show me that fucking bump, bitch. And my belly button is getting so misshapen with this baby inside that I had to put two Band-Aids over my belly button tonight. Thats more than you bargained for, right? Somebodys neglecting their bikini area. I… Ill tell you who its not fun to be pregnant at the exact same time as. Meghan Markle. I think were, like, to the day the same amount pregnant. And shes out there in, like, six-inch heels, adorable outfits, and she has like… Theres been no bump. Like, theres been… She, like, cups where the bump will be, you know. Shes like… Here. Heres where the baby will be. People see me, theyre like, The last couple of weeks are the hardest, right? Are you crowning? I think I can see an ear. Is that an ear? If I were Meghan Markle… and I am… ‘Cause she hangs out with the Queen now. Like, they hang out and have conversations. If I were Meghan, no matter what the Queen asked me, and I cant do a great British accent, but, you know, if she said something like, La, la, la. Oh! Pip-pip! Would you like a spot of lemon? Like probably exactly that, she probably says. No matter what, if I were Meghan, I would answer everything she asks with, Yas, Queen! Yas. I just came so close to shitting myself. You guys dont… This special almost became a real special. That would have… What would I have done? Kind of just kicked it, and… trusted that you guys would be cool. Is that what I would have done? I have not had an easy pregnancy. I have hyperemesis, which Id never even heard of. Its extreme nausea and vomiting. If youve ever had food poisoning, its that. Ive had that every day for five months. No, and people are like, Youre so strong. Look at you out there. Youre on the road. Im contractually obligated to be out here, guys. Im not like, I dont care. The show must go on. Im like, I will be sued by Live Nation. Thats why Im here. But I feel pretty good tonight, to be honest with you, so… I didnt throw up today. Uh… Yeah, but I didnt know that being pregnant could be really hard. Like… I didnt know that because you bitches all lie about it. Women dont tell you how hard it is. I should have Googled it. I should have Googled being pregnant. ‘Cause its been really awful. ‘Cause in movies, they dont show you. Theres just a montage where the girls in her office and shes typing, and then shes like… And she runs to the bathroom, she throws up once! And then in the next scene, shes in overalls painting a barn. Like, Yay! ? I cant wait to meet you ? You know? I throw up an exorcist amount every day. And I feel like, you know, if you had a good pregnancy, if youre someone who enjoyed being pregnant, I just hope your car flips over. Thats… Thats what I wish for you. Your car kind of Chappaquiddicks into a lake, and you just kinda… …slowly… drown. Is that fair to say? Because heres the thing. Youre pregnant, but you dont change. I hate women who start to act really just precious and like, Yes, now Im… Im a saint, and I never… I never had sex in a bathroom on a train, you know? Weve all had sex in the bathroom on a train. You dont stop being you, you know. You dont stop working or drinking. Like, you… You know? Ive gotten in the habit of asking, uh, friends recommendations and advice about pregnancy until I get the answer I want. You know what I mean? I asked my most responsible friend, shes a nurse. I was like, So, wine… what do you think? Should I just have some, or what do you think? While Im pregnant. Wine? Definitely have some, or what do you think? And… And she was like, You know what? Just skip it. Just be safe, you know? And I was like, Yes, thats what I thought, but I wanted to hear you say it, so now Ill tell other people not to drink ever while theyre pregnant. Thank you. Huh! Good. Thats done with. And then… You know, and then I asked, like, a little more lenient of a friend. Im like… Hey, what are your thoughts on drinking wine while youre pregnant? Shes like, A glass a week is fine. Like, thats probably fine. Im like, Thats better. That makes sense. Thats good. Youre smart. And then… Then you ask your kind of biggest dirtbag, deadbeat friend, you know? Shes like, Once you start getting, like, fucked up, stop drinking. Im like… Mm-hmm! No, I havent even wanted… wine. Thats how I know this baby is not mine. This baby is a lie. No, its mine, and… Im pretty sure the guy who got me pregnant is my husband cause I got married, yay! ? To the luckiest boy in the world ? I married a chef because Im a fucking genius. Right? Do you guys like food? Thats what he makes. Yeah. I love it. Marrying a chef, its like a little on-the-nose for me. Its kind of like Snoop marrying weed. I love him. Its real. Um… The proposal was wack. Uh… He proposed to me in the morning. Thats, like, when people in a nursing home get engaged. Like… Not, like, at sunrise. I was still asleep. I was sleeping, and I sleep like Im still in the womb. Earplugs, eye mask… my moms legs around my shoulders. Like… You know? Recreate. Every morning, Im born and… So Im… in the womb, and he comes in, and I just took one ear plug out. I was like… And he kind of threw the ring box at me, and he goes, I got you this. And I open it, and… And he goes, Do you want me to get down on one knee? and I was like, I guess not. And then I went back to sleep. Thats the truth. Thats a real ass proposal, though. Thats like a real… You know? ‘Cause, like, in movies and TV shows, the guy always gets down on one knee, right? And the girls always shocked. I didnt even know you liked me! Im still on Bumble. Like, this is… Like, you didnt talk about… Thats a very big decision… to not talk about. I dont know any girl who got engaged that way. Im from New York. All my girlfriends are from New York. We get married late there. When you get engaged at 40, its like, Whoa, teen bride! Like, slow… Slow it down. Get to know him. I think there are only two reasons you should get down on one knee if youre a guy. If youre a player in the NFL… and to eat my pussy. Those are the two… Two reasons. I mean, if the guy youre with gets, like, synchronized swans to dance to Bruno Mars, you know? Hes gay. Thats a gay guy. And, look, we all have a friend married to a gay guy. We do. We do. Youre probably here with a couple right now. And theyre like, Talk about Meghan Markle more. Weve had that experience, right? When you meet the couple for the first time, and then they leave, and then a couple of your friends, youre taking each others temperature. Youre like… Jeff was nice, right? Yeah. Yeah. Jeff was cool, yeah. You said hes a costume designer. Hes a… Yeah. And then finally someones like, Is Jeff gay? Youre like, Jeff is gay! Yes! And we all laugh at our friend. Hee-hee, shes married to a gay guy. But you know what? Someone with hyperemesis whos five months pregnant, you know who sounds like it would be fun to be married to right now? Fucking Jeff. Get on one knee for Jeff. I think… I dont want to jinx it. I think I dont have to be a bridesmaid anymore. Yeah, I think Ive done… Im not making no new friends. Everybody got married. I was the last one. ‘Cause when you get in your late 30s, theres just no dignity to it, you know? Its like me in a Grecian gown with my aging cleavage and like… a Coachella flower halo. Im just like… Just hoping Im not the bridesmaid with the biggest arm, you know? Im like… I hold my arm out. ‘Cause people used to get married in their early 20s. You had a little 20-year-old bridesmaid arm. You were holding your champagne like, Its heavy! Now its just a sea of turkey legs, just… Looks like the defensive line for the Bears are in the wedding. I really respect you guys for coming out because if you follow me on Instagram, youre probably like, Is this bitch in the hospital? Is she gonna be there? Yeah. I made it. I… Ive been hospitalized a couple of times since Ive been pregnant with hyperemesis and… The very first time was about a month ago, and… I was throwing up for about five hours when I… was taken to the hospital. The doctor came in, and he explained to me and my sister and my husband, who were are all in the room. He said, Youre going to be here for at least five hours getting liquids. And without skipping a beat, my husband said to my sister, Okay, cool, because I saw a place where you can paint pottery nearby. You guys are like, Is he gay? So my sister didnt even, like, check in with me if it was cool that they left me. As soon as he said pottery, they just left. And I was like, Ill be here. And about an hour and a half later, my sister rushed back in the room, and she said, Okay, listen. Be nice to him about what he painted. Im like… Okay. Shes like, Im serious. He worked really hard on it. Okay. She goes… And its not very flattering. Im like, What? But my husbands brain is a little different. ‘Cause you go to these places, you usually paint a teddy bear or a jewelry box, you know, but my husband decided to… to paint a plate… which he would use as a canvas… to paint me. And Im going to show you the picture. I think its important for you guys to see the picture. Um… And I want to show you this, and I want you to know that there were no qualifiers before he showed me this picture. He was sure it was pretty good. This is the picture that he painted. I was in the hospital, guys. What is… I wanted to go, Whats with my chin on my neck? I look like Trump. Like, I look… I couldnt say any of this to him, okay? Get rid of it. People are leaving. This is upsetting. This is an upsetting image. I mean… I had to comfort him. My husband is a really great sport. You know? He really is. I keep messing with him. Like, you know, Ive had a tough pregnancy, so… the other day, I was like, Babe, this is kind of too hard for me. I dont think I can do it. And hes like, What do you mean? And I was like… What do you think I mean? I think I… I need to get an abortion. And this was his response. He went… Really? I was like, No! What? Im going to announce it on Instagram, and then Im going to be like, Actually, forget it. I dont like it. Im tired. I dont like it. Thank God that was his response, you know? What if hed been like, Cool. Ill warm up the car. I knew from the beginning that my husbands brain was a little different than mine. Um, and about… I have to start this over cause I really want to get this right. Because I love him very much. And… My husband was diagnosed with what used to be called Aspergers. He has autism spectrum disorder. Hes on the spectrum. And… there were some signs early on, like… we went for a walk about a year ago, and I fell. And kinda nine out of ten people would go, Oh, my God! Are you okay? Right? Maybe more like ten out of ten people. Oh, my God! Are you okay? But instead, my husband went… He kind of froze and became a lighthouse, opening and closing his mouth, just… And I remember lying on the ground looking up at him, and I wasnt mad. I just thought, Huh! A lot of huh moments, you know? And once he was diagnosed, it dawned on me how funny it was because all of the characteristics that make it clear that hes on the spectrum are all of the reasons that I fell madly in love with him. Thats the truth. He says whatever is on his mind. He keeps it so real, you know? He doesnt care about social norms or what you expect him to say or do. You know, if I say to him, like, Does this look like shit? Hell go, Yeah. You have a lot of other clothes. Why dont you wear those? Im like… Okay. But he can also make me feel more beautiful than anyone ever has my whole life. Yeah, its true. And he cant lie. Is that the dream man, a guy who cant lie? But that also means that he cant lie for me. Which is an essential part of any relationship. Were friends with this couple, and they broke up, and the guy started dating a new girl pretty soon after, and we happened to be at the party where they got together, so I didnt rush to tell the ex-girlfriend what happened. So a couple of months later, we had dinner with her, and she was like, And, you know, at that party, thats when they got together. And I was like… No! Its not possible. And Chris goes… No, you remember. No. No, I dont. Yeah, remember? ‘Cause you said, ‘Oh, my God, hes leaving with her.' Thank you, Chris! Thank you. I guess I forgot about that. Also, one of the the signs of autism is you dont make sort of the… appropriate facial expression for the occasion youre at. So we were gonna go on a red carpet together for the first time, and we were practicing his smiles, you know, and we didnt land on one that we were in love with. So we were out of time, so I said, Just… This is what I do. Just think about something you love, you know? And he loves the ocean, so… So we went out there and it worked, but it worked too well. ‘Cause in all the pictures, Im doing my normal bullshit, and he was like… I noticed. I was like, A pond. Just like youre glancing at a pond. Pull it back. Its exciting being pregnant. Its not all bad. The best part about it is not getting your period. Yeah. Thats the silver uterine lining, if you want to look for one. Thats nice because, you know, what I realized, right before I got pregnant, I noticed… how ashamed… weve all been made to feel about getting our period… our whole lives. Like we choose it, you know? Like, Cant kick my bleeding habit, you know? I just want it. I want to do it. Its supposed to be, you know, a secret. The second you get it, your mom goes, Youre a woman now. And thats disgusting. Never let anyone know of your filthy secret. And youre like, Okay. Im 12. Im ready to handle this. This is my Rainbow Brite lunch box. ? Rainbow Brite Stars are shining bright ? And it is. Thats the most embarrassing thing that could possibly happen to you as a kid, that someone knows you have your period, or they see you have your period. At that age, for men, the most embarrassing thing is unwanted erections, right? But then they grow up and show them to everyone. Maybe thats what we should do. I dont know. Call a coworker into your office. Carl… Psst. Come in here. Close the door. Carl, youre getting very sleepy. All this talk about dick pics, how about a tamp pic? You up? If youre still in a position where youre getting dick pics, ladies, I have a suggestion for you. When you get a dick pic… send back… a dick pic. You go, Oh, Im sorry. I thought we were exchanging our favorite dick pics. Dick for dick, pic for pic, no? I thought… Why are we made to feel so ashamed of a natural bodily function that ultimately brings life, you know? Its like… If you forget a tampon, you have to bum one from somebody. What we all do is, first, you look around… like youre going to say something racist, just like… And whatever race you thought I meant, thats your problem. And… Then you kind of lean in, and we dont even say the whole sentence. We kind of go… Does anybody have a… Tampon? What is this? Whats the claw? Thats how disgusted we are with ourselves. Does anyone have a tampon? And I notice myself do it. I was in a gym locker room. Thank you. And… And there were a bunch of women in there, and I… And this woman across the locker room with so much confidence was like, Oh, yeah, I do. What size? And, like, obviously, I know there are different sizes of tampons, but Ive never been confronted… …with that question before, you know? Shes like, Yeah, whats the circumference of your pussy hole? Grande or venti? What are we plugging, bitch? Ive got Pilates. What is it? Then all the other women in the locker room kinda lean in to hear… …my answer, you know? Im just like… I dont know. Do you have, like, a… super Grand Canyon? I dont know. Just throw me a futon mattress. Ill just kind of squat over it. My vagina is going to get bigger, I heard. Whoo! Cant wait. Take up more space. Lean in! Its already grown. It just grows over the years. I know because, I mean, when I was younger, I could put a Tic Tac in there and then just walk around all day. At night, I swear it would still be in the same place, just… Whoop! Now… if I have a yeast infection, which I do… and I try to put one of those Monistat suppositories in, it just falls right on the floor. Whoop! Be careful. Theyre very slippery. I do. I have a yeast infection. Im gonna address it cause I have to do the pinch. You guys know the pinch. Ladies, just a quick, little pinch. But Im really excited about this. We dont even need tampons anymore. Theres a new invention. – You guys know what Im talking about? – DivaCup! No, not the DivaCup. That is terrifying. Um… The DivaCup… Do you know what it is? Its like this little cup you store in the back of your vagina, and it collects… and at the end of the day, you pull it out and you kinda Kill Bill. Just kind of… No! Its a lot. Its too much for me. I respect you if you can handle the DivaCup. Such a confident name. Im a Diva. No. Its more exciting than the DivaCup. Its a new invention called THINX. Yes. Yeah, you dont need a tampon. Theyre just these underwear that you just bleed into. Which I guess… makes me a fucking inventor. Ah! Who knew? Should I go on Shark Tank? Sharks… Did anyone have a mom like me who didnt really trust tampons and made them only wear a pad? Right? And millennials, if you dont know what a pad is, congratulations, and… A pad is kind of a foot-long diaper that you… …coil betwixt your legs, and… just kinda waddle around all day wearing it, just… Crunch! Crunch! Kinda always sounds like theres a killer right behind you. They were great. Yeah. Little adhesive wings. Theyd always stick right to your pubes. It was a treat. It was a real treat. Sorry you missed it. Im sorry. Millennials… pubes… Anybody remember pubes? I miss my moms bush. Did you guys see your moms bush growing up? Its kind of comforting, right? The first time you see it, Ill never forget. I remember I walked in the bathroom to say goodnight. I was like, Mom! Oh. Hi, Mom. Good night. I remember Moms bush. I also had one of those moms… who told me, You only have to shave up to your knee. Right? Just shave up to your knee. Id say, Mom, Im pretty hairy up… No! The knee. Okay. Id be at the community pool. People are like… Why is Amy wearing wool shorts? But I have to give it up for my mom. She made me so confident. She just straight lied to me as a kid. Its tough to say confident… as a woman, you know? You put on TV. We see all these gorgeous women. We have to compete with whats her face, the Mother of Dragons. Whats her name? – Khaleesi! – Kris Jenner. Its just… Its tough. Its tough out there. No, I love the Kardashians. The Kardashians are so confident, they confuse me about my own confidence. So before I was pregnant, I was kind of like feeling myself one day, and I bought lingerie. Like… the real shit. Like… the, you know, fishnets, and then… like the pulley system here. You know? Thought they wouldve updated that technology, but its still a pulley system, and then, you know, the boost… Whatever its called. And… You know, I went. I paid for it. I tried it on at home, you know, where I could take my own life, and… In the safety of home, and… I tried it on, and I was kind of ready to blow my own mind. I kind of sidled up to the mirror, and I check myself out, and I was like, Oh. This isnt for everybody. Hmm. Okay. I looked like I should have been on Law & Order, like, He went that way. My fishnets looked like theyd caught an actual fish. It was… It was pretty confusing. Its tough to say confident as a girl. I dont know what Im having. I hope its a girl. Um… But really just because its such a scary time for men. Such a scary time. Men, thank you so much for leaving your houses tonight. I just… God. First responders, just… so brave. I dont know if men know how scared we are as women all the time. Like, one in three of us will be assaulted at some point in our lives. If youre a woman of color, its even more than that. If youre a trans woman, forget it. At night in New York, if I take the subway at night, I will run home. Women, we run home. Not for the cardio. Its true. When you walk to your car in a dark parking lot, what do you ladies do? We do the little makeshift brass knuckle with our key, right? I dont know what our plan is with that key in our knuckle. Oh, no, you dont! Ahh! Not on my watch. Boop-boop! I mean… There was a study done, and it said that women mostly fear violence. Thats our number one fear. And the same study showed that mens number one fear… was ridicule. Oh… Yeah, God! Im so sorry. I didnt know you guys were going through that. It must be so hard for you. Do you guys run home? Because youre afraid of somebody telling a little jokey about you? I think that we need to start from scratch, you know? Im so grateful to this new generation of women that came along and theyre like, Hey, have you been getting sexually harassed like this your whole lives? And were like, Oh, yeah! And theyre like, Yeah. You wanna do something about that? And were like, Oh, yeah. Thats a very good idea. Theyre like, Yeah. And were like, Oh. Were so used to it, you know? Youre at work, and youre like, I have to make every guy think that we also might fuck and do a good job. Its not fair. Its not fair to men either. You guys are raised with so much pressure to be so masculine at such a young age. Its bullshit. It sucks. Its like a six-year-old kid crying. Stop crying, you little pussy. We toughen them up at a young age so they dont get made fun of, and then, as little girls, youre in school with these boys, and when a little boy is mean to you or he teases you, what does everybody say? – He likes you. – He likes you. Ooh! Youre like, He knocked my books out of my hands. Whoo! Looks like somebody has a little boyfriend at school. Thats a good thing. And youre like, Oh. Thats a good thing! Okay! Im the luckiest girl in school. He pushed me down the stairs. Youre going to prom! Prom! Right? Then we grow up and we all have friends who were like, Why do I only date assholes? ‘Cause youve been trained to do that since you were a toddler. You know, we have friends who are like, You should see us when were alone. Hes still really mean to me, but its not as embarrassing. It doesnt occur to us to be with someone whos kind until were, like, almost dead, you know? I mean, who cares? Were about to lose our rights, anyway. Right, ladies? Take em. Im sick of it. Give me my bonnet. Give me my cape. Im ready. Done washing my hair all the time. I mean, look at us making decisions about our own bodies. Who do we think we are? Men? Come on! Decisions are hard. Rights feel heavy. I want people who know better than anyone making the decisions about my body. I want to call up Mitch McConnell and be like, Girl! My discharge is brown, baby girl. What should I do? Mitch! Chuck Grassley, Ive got cramps. Am I ovulating, queen? Lindsey mammo-Graham, feel this. What you think? You guys know. Maybe some of you heard I got arrested in October. Thank you. Thank you. Gods work. Um… I went down to DC to get arrested. The different news outlets wrote about it. Like, Schumers been detained, like I was just on a walking tour of the Washington Monument. But I went down there to oppose Brett Kavanaughs confirmation. Thank you, sisters. Men, you can clap too. Spoiler alert. It didnt go our way. The whole way down, I was really nervous about getting arrested. Ive been arrested before, obviously, but… But I was obsessed with the fear of being hungry. You know, while I was locked up. So… It probably would have been like that before I was pregnant, but that just doubled it, so the whole way down… And, you know, we get down there, and… it was really intense and really emotional, and… We were gonna get arrested on the Capitol steps, but they barricaded those, so we all rush into the Hart Building, where the senators offices are, and we all flood in this hallway, and, you know, the banners are flying and the Capitol police are closing in, and we know were about to be arrested, and everyones chanting, No justice, no peace, and, We believe survivors. We believe survivors. And I know were about to be arrested, so I am… ramming snacks in my mouth. I am… Everyones, We Believe, and Im… And the Capitol police are looking at me like, What the fuck? Im like… Just Cookie Monster, crumbling shit on my face. I got arrested with my friend, Emily Ratajkowski, whos a supermodel, like gorgeous, you know. And shes in this hot outfit, and shes like, We believe survivors, and Im in a Department of Sanitation shirt, and Im like… Ahh! And some people criticized me. They were like, That was irresponsible. Youre pregnant. And I was like, Thats why I went down there. I want to be able to tell this kid I did everything I could. You know? And D.C., I heard, has the best cocaine, so… My friend said its fine. Uh… A baby. Guys, what the fuck am I doing? We have no idea what were doing. We have some books at home, and every week, theres a terrifying video saying whats going on in the babys development. This week, your baby is growing fur and eating you from the inside. Im glad I found a good partner, you know? Like, hes solid as hell. Yeah. I just… I didnt have the energy for dating anymore, like… Remember when you hook up with someone the first time? Do you remember you used to undress each other? Know what Im talking about? They do that in movies. So youre like… Its always hard. In movies… But youre like, okay, a braided belt, and there is the silver thing. And then, oh, a button fly. Ill just kind of yank it. And your sock. Am I in fucking retail? Take your own shit off. My back hurts. I was in bed with my husband the other night. I was holding our dog, and my husband just took off my underwear. And I looked over at him and I was like, Oh, no. Thats crazy, you know. He was kind of like, Okay. Like he didnt give a shit too much, you know. And were lying there, and Im like… Can you put my underwear back on? Such sad foreshadowing watching him, like, dress my lifeless body. We were at the gynecologist a couple months ago, and I asked, Is it safe to have sex while pregnant? And she was like, Yes, it is safe to have sex through the whole pregnancy. And I was like, Well be seeking a second opinion. Thats fucking… I was trying to signal her, you know. Hey. Do you think its safe… for us to have sex? Do you think it would probably kill the baby and we shouldnt do it? Shes like, No, its safe the whole time. I was like, Okay. Okay. Do you want me to come to your house to tell your husband he can fuck you? ‘Cause people tell you. Youre like, wow, that was fast. Last time we saw you, you were single, Amy, and you already dont want to fuck your husband? I usually do, but I have hyperemesis. And you know everyone says, When you get married, get ready to stop having sex. And we were like, Not us. Were fucking for life, you know. Now he, like, touches my shoulder on the couch, and Im like, Can I help you? Im over here. Youre over there. The spontaneity is over. Thank God. You know, when youre first falling in love, like you might always have sex. Every time you pee, youve gotta make sure you clean the toilet paper out of your pussy. Every time you pee. Every time. That is over. I have, like, half a roll of Charmin in there right now. Yeah. Im psyched to be done. I am. Especially dating someone new, you know. And Im glad I married someone, hes my age. Were the same age, so… You know, we both grew up without Internet porn. Thats a huge deal, right? Like, you know, now I feel like you cant fuck a millennial without them being like, Can you dress like an emoji? Youre like, No! What the fuck? No. And theres so many different types of porn. Its crazy. One of the biggest searches is gag porn. Have you heard of that? Thats where the girl gags on the guys penis because its too darn big. I personally never had the plesh. I just wanted to remind you that Ive never struggled with it, even though… You remember the size of my mouth, right? Do you remember how big my mouth is? Just like a tiny bow. You could put… Okay, yeah. You remember. Gag porn. Like that one… That one is strange to me. Like youre clicking on all these different windows. Nothing, nothing. And then a girls like… And youre like, Mmm, wait a minute. What have we here? Maximize screen. Okay. Okay. If youre into gag porn, you shouldve been living at my house the last five months. Youd be hard as a rock. Something else I wont miss, and this is my PSA… to men. A lot of men dont really understand how to put themselves inside you. Not really. Even missionary. Theyre… You know, theyre… Its the wrong hole, or not a hole. Youre like, You have to use an existing hole, sir. Youre not going to confuse my body into making a new hole. But most guys can figure it out, but you really realize that they dont understand where our hole goes when theyre behind you, right? ‘Cause during some sex, its always I dont know whose suggestion to not look at your face anymore. How about you turn around? Oh, okay. You look back over the shoulder, theyre like, Nope! Youre like, Okay. Ill be here. Thats when you know because theres a whole population of men who, once they get back there behind you, theyll kneel back there and just wait. Dick in the wind. And youre up here, like… Uh… Were rolling. And you realize that hes waiting for you… whos on all fours… …to reach back… and put him inside you. Youre like, Oh, you want me to…? Oh, Okay. Uh… Yeah. Ill just use my head as, like, a kickstand, just… Yeah. No, it makes sense. I have the better angle here. You want to back the garage up to the car, is what…? Okay. Nope, its fine. Youve had a long day making more money than me. Here I come. Luckily, my husband does not have that problem. Because… of that joke. I know I talk so much shit about, uh, my pregnancy, and it has not been easy, but were so fucking excited, and I do feel really lucky that I was able to get pregnant. Yeah. So I… was single, you know, most of my life, and felt pretty happy. I love my family and friends, and I feel really satisfied with work, and… kind of had accepted that, you know? And then I just happened… to meet this guy, and if youre out there and youre dating and youre just thinking, Why cant I meet the right one? Its not that you havent met the right one yet. I wish someone had told me this. Its not that you havent met the right one yet. Its just… that you have to wait… for them to get tired. No one told me, right? Because men in their 20s and their 30s are just running around. And then their late 30s, theyre like, Oh, God! Phew. Oh, God! And thats when you come along and you go… Come on. And theyre like, Where are we going? And youre like… Were going to sit on the couch and watch Bravo till we die. Thank you so much, Chicago. I love you. I realized how ashamed I was of my period. Excuse me. The baby. Right now, every farts a gamble. Fart roulette. My moneys on brown. Um… So theyre flashing a light that says that I need to get some makeup because Im sweating like a monster. All right. You guys can only see that Im sweating here, but if there was a camera in my asshole… This is all my hair I bought. There are these two people right in the front row here. Im not going to look at them, but these two people. And like… Theyre, like, truly horrified by everything Im saying. Im like, Did you guys think you were seeing Godspell? Okay. I promise its not going to get any better, you guys.

KEN JEONG@YOU COMPLETE ME, HO@2019@The Hangover… Community… Dr. Ken… Crazy Rich Asians… Give it up for Ken Jeong! ? I said the joker is a wanted man ? ? He makes his way all across the land ? ? See him sifting through the sand ? ? So Ill tell you all the story ? ? About the joker and the thief of the night ? Oooooh! Goddamn! Goddamn! Thank you so much! Fuck! Oh, my God, I dont even know what to say. – This is… – I love you, Ken! I love you too, bitch. I do. This is my first… This is my first stand-up special ever. So, thank you, guys. Ever! This is the club where I got my start, man! Its… The Ice House is like, amazing. Were like family. I wanted to do my first Netflix special in a club because every Netflix special you fucking see is in an auditorium. Its in a big theater. And, I tell you, live comedy begins in the motherfucking clubs. We want to keep that shit real! Club folk. And its an honor for me to entertain the lowers. Now… Anyway, some people may know this, some people not… I used to be a doctor… …at Kaiser-fucking-Permanente. And then I said, Fuck that shit! Ill be naked and famous in a movie, make some moolah. And that is what makes America great. Am I right, guys? My God! My God! I was a general practitioner, all right? We are the dumbest of all doctors, all right? Like, in general, we knew nothing. Were stupid, okay? Like, if a patient came up to me and said, What do I have? Well, in general, youre sick, so Ill refer you to a specificist. Do you know what I mean? I dont know. See someone else. Im a day drunk, all right? Welcome to Kaiser. Anyway… Im kidding. Dude, Dr. Ken, that show I was on… I modeled that HMO after Kaiser. Dude, everything about Kaiser… I owe my livelihood to Kaiser Permanente. Actually, I met my wife at work, all right? Shes a doctor. Shes Vietnamese. Doctor… Last name, Ho. Im not fucking making that shit up. I married a Ho, okay? Dude, thats like a wet dream to a comic. I can say anything the fuck I want, and its street-legal, you know what I mean? Get in the car, Ho! I can say that. Make me some rice, Ho! You complete me, Ho. You know? I can say that because Im sensitive, by the way. And Koreans, were the most sensitive people on the fucking planet. Where are the Koreans in the house? Koreans in the house? Yeah, we are the hottest-tempered of all Asians. We are the angriest of all the… That means Hello in Korean. All right, so… Youre Vietnamese? Just out of curiosity, whats your last name? – Ho. – Ho. Dont you ever upstage me again, Ho. Dont you ever be funnier than me, Ho. How dare you? This is my Netflix special, Ho! Whats your first name? – Whats your first name? – Tran. Is your real name… Is your first name Tran? My wifes fucking first name is Tran! – Really? – Yeah, my wifes fucking first name is Tran-fucking-Ho! What do you do for a living? And if you say doctor, Im going to fuck myself, all right? Youre not a doctor, right? Fuck me. – What the fuck? Is your last… – Ho. Your last… Are you fucking kidding me? Your last name is fucking Ho? Fuck you Hos, all right? Fuck the Hos! Someone in the back is fucking with me right now. Because theres Hos to the left of me, Hos to the right of me. And my real-life wife, Ho, is in the fucking back! This is like… Are you fucking kidding me? This is a Bizarro Ho universe. I dont know whats going on. Your last name is also Ho? Are you Vietnamese? – No. – Oh, good. Thank God, okay. All right. It wasnt a complete setup. – What nationality are you? – Singaporean. Singaporean! Crazy-rich Asians in the motherfucker! Fucking Crazy Rich Asians fans! Singapore! Fuck me, man! Thank you, man. Crazy Rich Asians, or as we call it, Yellow Panther. Now… Or Golden Retriever. Ill think of… Ill figure out the animal. Yellow Kitty. No, too on the nose. Now… My God. Fucking Vietnamese… I tell you, the way they talk is just a little bit… A little feyish, a little dandy. You know what Im saying, right? Vietnamese is Koreans on weed. Thats all Im saying, okay? And that is how I came up with Chow. Now… I actually would sprinkle in Vietnamese just to make my wife laugh. In the movie, in the first Hangover, when we release Black Doug, thats all Vietnamese, where I say… They thought that means, Release Black Doug. It actually means in Vietnamese, Chicken, die. So, it was like… I really was doing stuff to make the Ho laugh, so… And its equal-opportunity Hos. You can laugh at that joke, too. For my first movie… I actually booked this while working at Kaiser. …was Knocked Up, that was directed by Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen. Thank you! The first movie I ever did, and I shot that shit while still having my day job. I shot that during a vacation week because Im a good fucking Asian. You know what I mean? Im responsible. And it was the most creatively fulfilling experience of my life at that time, because I got to work with everybody. Anybody whos anybody is in that movie, dude. You had Seth Rogen, Paul Rudd, Leslie Mann, Jonah Hill, Jason Segel, Martin Starr of Silicon Valley, Craig Robinson, Charlyne Yi… You had, like, Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig… It was The Avengers of comedy, thats what that shit was. And I swear to God, the first time I shot my last day of filming, it was such a dream. Judd Apatow said to me, he goes, You are my discovery. You did such a great job. Im going to put you in all of my movies. And he did. So, I would not be here… if it wasnt for Judd. And then the next day I had to work at Kaiser, you know what I mean? I mean, thats how I came up with the Chow jizz-toss… Kaiser. Toodle-oo, hopes and dreams. You know? Like, can you imagine having a moment like that? Doing a John Apatow film and going back to your day job thinking that youre stuck. The next day, I could not stop thinking about that. I was like, Well, maybe right now Im playing it safe but maybe its time for this college kid to turn pro, you know what I mean? Maybe I got to fucking… I got to rethink my life! Maybe this is the time for me to pursue acting, full-time. But, you know, look at me. I know I look like a fucking double-chinned Asian Mr. Burns with bad posture, but I dont know. I mean, maybe this is the time for me. Maybe this is a sign. By the way, Im thinking all this while 50 patients are waiting for me. Not a good look. And my nurse is desperately trying to get me to focus. She goes, Dr. Jeong, you have a patient in Room 2 waiting for you. And Im like, Well, nurse, you have a doctor who doesnt give a fuck. I just did a movie, Carol! I just did a movie, man. You dont get it. And, believe it or not, I quit my day job the next day. True story. I was scared, man. I was fucking scared. Because I didnt have any family support. Like, my strict traditional Korean dad who wanted me to be a doctor before I was born… No, he was severely bumping on this shit, dude. He was just cursing me out in Korean. You bring great shame to Jeong family! And then after The Hangover… We are so proud! I knew youd make it, boy! I knew youd make it! I believe in you. We are so proud of your tiny ding-dong. So proud. The smaller the penis, the bigger the box office! Thanks, Papa. Great praise, okay. And, yes, for those of you wondering, in The Hangover, yes, that was real in the trunk. Im a grower not a show-er, all right? It was cold, I swear. All right? It was cold outside, all right? But Im secure about it. Its how the pencil writes, bitch. Its how it writes! Mine can write in cursive. In cursive! Oh my God, calligraphy! Calligraphy! Konnichiwa, bitch! But I tell you, man, to be Hangover rich and famous as an Asian kid, man… Asian parents, they dont know how to govern that. You know, my dad went from father to freeloader, just like that. I swear to God, as a kid, he was like, You better get me good grades! After The Hangover, You better get me S-Class Mercedes! Because E-Class, thats for fucking farmers. Okay, Papa. Good. Dude, I would not be here if it wasnt for the fucking Hangover. Mr. Chow is the best character Ive ever played. Hes the funniest character ever. It put me on the map. Dude… Leslie Chow. I mean, it has brought me so much joy. The Hangover is the best thing ever to happen not only to my career, but my fucking life. Thats why I dont mind getting recognized for Mr. Chow wherever I go. Literally, if anyone asks for a photo or a selfie, Im always nice about it. If you look on Twitter, Im always nice doing Mr. Chow stuff because Im dead inside. Now… You guys wanna hear some Hangover stories? All right. I live in Los Angeles, the rich part, and Ill tell you… Where? Im not going to tell you where, bitch. Im not going to tell you I live in Calabasas. Dont worry, I can say it. Its a gated community. Its fine. You aint getting in. Its fine. You aint getting in, bitch. Okay, I was at a Wells Fargo ATM, withdrawing some cash. A lot of cash! And this middle-aged white guy, this, like, motherfucking guy with a bald head… No offense, dude. Im just like… Hey, Im sorry. Oh, my God. Dennis, get a load of this guy. Oh, my God, thats fucking Locke from Lost over there. Oh, my God, hes got the secret to the hatch! Look at that guy! Fucking Lost. Oh, my God. Hes like an ugly Locke from Lost. And Im an ugly Daniel Dae Kim, so it all works out fine. Daniel Dae Chins, maybe. And this fucking white Ho – looking motherfucker is looking at me from a sedan with the window half-cracked open. True story. Hes staring at me, and Im withdrawing some cash. Staring at me, withdrawing some cash. Staring at me, withdrawing some cash. The light turns green so he can go, Toodle-oo, motherfucker! Every fucking day, you know what I mean? I was on a plane promoting Hangover II. First class. And, uh… True story. Theres a person in the back of the plane and there were concerns he may have had a stroke. He had some vertigo, he had some dizziness, some weakness, a little bit of slurred speech, and the flight attendant was understandably panicked. Is there a doctor on the plane? Is there a doctor on the plane? So, you know, I raise my hand and I was like, Well, I, um… Well, its complicated but… But I used to be a doctor. She was like, Sit down, Chow. Jesus. Catch that, Phyllis? Everyones laughing at me on the plane. Dude, even the strokie in the back of the plane… Making a bubble with his drool or something. But I was promoting Hangover II, which, actually, I think is my favorite Hangover movie, because the cinematography was absolutely amazing in Bangkok, Thailand. Anyone from Thailand? Oh, really? – Yeah. – Youre a Thai! – Thats awesome. Where are you from? – Bangkok. Bangkok! You look so cute! Look! Natey, get a shot of him, man! Look at that! You know what I call this? You know what I call this? Son of Chow. He looks amazing. Own that shit, boy. – Whats your name, man? – Mike. Mike. Whats your last name? Bayakorbachik. Youre not Thai. Youre Jewish. I mean, what do you think, Tran? Do you think thats legit? I dont know. Youre kind of my wife, now. I dont know. Why do I feel like the Asians are getting back at me for some reason? Not to get off on a fucking tangent, dude. This is not even related. But you know what? I got so much shit from the Asian community for the first Hangover. That was controversial at that time, like, 10 years ago. Because, seriously, I had fucking Asian haters, dude. Asian haters on the internet, theyre the fucking worst, dude. White trolls are bad. But Asian trolls, theyre the stickiest, dude. No, no. For real. This is a real comment. Im not making this up. This is a real comment from someone on Reddit, and is still up there, all right? You can look it up. Ken, if I ever see you in public, I will choke you within a few seconds from death with my bare hands. Fuck you, you piece of shit do-anything-for-a-dollar whore. And that was my mom, all right? I tell you, these fucking Asian haters, man. They hate themselves, dude. They fucking hated the fact I had a thick accent and I had a small penis, dude. I was born with that shit! Thats not a stereotype! Thats fucking real to me! How are they mad? And they want me to apologize for that? What do I say? Me so sorry? I dont know what to say! My God! Dude, I get so much shit for The Hangover! I did a lot of social justice in The Hangover! I was a social justice warrior in that shit. Think about that. I jumped out of a trunk and beat up the white man three times, all right? I should be the fucking Malcolm X of my community. Not yellow Urkel, all right? There are Asian teenage boys that actually blame me. They think they cant get laid by white women because somehow my small dick has scared the white chick away. People say that about me! Dude, stop rejecting this papa shit. Maybe youre too bold like your father, never satisfied like your mother, and that, bitch, is when doves cry, okay? I loved shooting in Bangkok. We were there for two months. I went with my wife and we were there… Remember that, sweetie? I remember that. Good times, right? And, in the photo credits at the end, when youre looking at the forgotten night, theres a stripper, a nude stripper that has a ping pong ball. I dont know if you remember that scene. She has a ping pong ball, and shes putting that up her hootch, and its coming out like shes the Serena Williams of pussy pong. It was a sight to behold. Like, boom, boom, boom. And Im not even kidding, on the first take, it hit Bradley Cooper in the mouth. Im not even kidding. That is gospel. And then, stupid me, Im going, Syphilis, hot boy! ‘Cause thats what I do. You know what I mean? Thats what I do, you know? But my whole point is, a lot of people are asking like, you know, Do you have to do medicine on a movie set or in a comedy club or anything? All the fucking time. I always have… Dude, so many times I go into doctor mode. Its like Godfather 3. Just when I think Im out, they pull me back in, you know? Everywhere, you know? Recently, I was at a club in Phoenix. I dont know if you heard about this. A lady in the third row had a seizure in one of my stand-up shows. It wasnt because of a bad joke, Im just saying… But TMZ reported this, and my publicist didnt want me to talk about it, which I didnt. But I want you to hear, for the first time, on Netflix, me talk about it in my own words, all right? Im making fun of people like I normally do in my act. Hos to the left of me, Hos to the right to me… So Im doing my schtick, like Asian Don Rickles, and theres a lady… There was a lady in the third row, and she was, like, Mr. Chow! Mr. Chow! Im, like, Calm down, bitches. Ill get to you, itll be fine. And they were, like, No, someone passed out. And a lady fell down off her chair and she was just completely out. And I dropped the mic, and I rushed over there, and went into doctor mode, and it was the most surreal, sublime experience ever, because Im no longer a comedian, Im a doctor. And the whole comedy club were no longer like a comedy club audience. Were like an ER of, like, nurses and aides trying to help her out. It was so fucking amazing. And Im thinking to myself, like, Oh my God, I may have to do CPR on this person. And I have to assess the ABCs before you do CPR. You know, Airway, Breathing, Circulation. Not Always Be Closing. Its a different thing. And I actually… If you go on YouTube, I have done work with the American Heart Association, teaching medical students and nurses how to do hands-only compression CPR. You dont have to do mouth-to-mouth anymore. So its true. This is a medical fact. I have two medical facts, all right? Number one… The number one medical fact, look, if youre ever in the position where unfortunately, you may have to do CPR, you do chest compressions to the beat of Stayin Alive, all right? Its like, Ah, ah, ah, ah, Stayin alive, stayin alive Its true. And Im thinking to myself, Am I gonna have to Bee Gee this bitch? And then, fortunately, I did not have to. She got up quickly. She had what they call a petit mal seizure. Shes on medication and she had a history of epilepsy. By the way, she allowed me to tell this story. Her name is Christy. I actually flew her out to one of my shows in New York. She is doing fine. So everything… Happy ending alert. Everything is good. But when we sat her up, we actually did a mental status exam with an audience member who happened to be a paramedic, and we were asking her questions because shes a little bit confused after the seizure. She was like, Whats your name? Christy. Where are you? Phoenix. Who are you here to see? And then she turns and looks at me, and then she vomits. So, its a normal response. And within minutes, the paramedics take care of her and shes fine. My whole point is, if you dont like any of my shit, you dont have to have a fucking seizure, and a fucking… You can just walk out, bitch. I already got paid. I already got the check. And you know what? Thats not even my worst seizure tale, all right? Dude, I did Ride Along 2 with Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, and we were shooting in a nightclub in Atlanta. Four hundred background actors in a nightclub and a person has a severe generalized tonic-clonic seizure and the whole nightclub clears out. So, Im running towards the patient and Ice Cube, who is the baddest motherfucker on the planet… Hes amazing! Hes fucking running towards the patient, too, Were like two outfielders going for the same ball. And I tell you, hes taking out a belt. Im like, Whoa, you dont whip the patient, Cube! No! I dont know him. Im more of a Reba McEntire fan. And hes running out to the patient, and he gets to him before I do. He puts the belt around the patients mouth, so he wouldnt choke on his tongue. Ice Cube, not me, saved the patients life. It was amazing! Just a shout-out to Cube. And to make small talk, I was like, So, Ice Cube, I guess that was a good day. While Kevin Hart ran away. Oh, my God! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Oh, my God! Snap, crackle, pop! I gotta get the fuck out of here! Calm down, your snappy midget! Everything is fine. Everything. And by the way, it was Kevin Hart who actually got me into doing stand-up again in the first place. No joke. Yes. Shout-out to Kevin. Hes one of my dear friends. Hes one of my favorite guys in comedy because hes the only one shorter than me. He literally would give me advice. I mean, Kevin, literally, every day on Ride Along 2, he would just remind me, You got to do stand-up. Because we go back 15 years. And I love when Kevin Hart gives me advice because hes the only guy looking up, you know what I mean? Its just so great. And I call him Rice Krispies because hes just always making snap-crackle-pop noises wherever he goes. Oh, man, Ken! Snap, crackle, pop, man! You gotta go back! Gotta go back and do stand-up, man! Youre leaving millions on the table, man! Snap, crackle, pop, ping, pang, pow! Ping, pang, pow! You gotta do that! You gotta do stand-up, and do it like this! And then you gotta do it like this! Then maybe you can do it like this! I gotta do it, man! Ping, pang, pow! I was like, Oh, youre so cute. Of course Ill do it for you. I will do it, youre so cute. Come here, give me a hug. A lot of people ask me, like, Do you still practice medicine? Im like, you know, Why? I mean, look at me, dude. Like, yeah, sure, I want to get sued every chance I get. At Kaiser, depositions were my jam. Sure, my wifes also a doctor. Yeah, sure, we want to work every other week, every major holiday. We would never see each other, sure. I want that lifestyle back. Yeah, sure, I want to voluntarily put my finger up the holes of every patient that I see, willy-fucking-nilly. Dude, Im Hollywood, bitch. I got out of Shawshank, all right? West Side! But I will say shit doctors are afraid to say, all right? Just a couple of tips. Stop Googling your shit before you see the doctor. It never works! I had a patient come up to me, and the patient was like, Oh, I looked it up online, I have right-sided pain. Its an ovarian cyst. Youre a dude. Knock it off, all right? Okay, ladies… Okay, get ready, all right? Ladies, when you see your doctor for a pap smear, and this is with all due respect, make it presentable. Thats all were saying. Less Chewbacca, more Ewok, all right? We dont want That 70s Show up in here. You dont want to have what we call a General Ackbar situation from Star Wars: Return of the Jedi. You know that fish-mouthed alien? That was named after a dank vajayjay. It was. Because when you put your speculum in, it goes, Its a trap! You dont want that. So, to answer your question… No, I dont do medicine anymore. No, man, Ive gotten to meet everybody from The Hangover. I mean, literally, I just got to meet everybody Ive ever wanted to meet. I got to meet my favorite actor in the world, Tom Hanks, at the Golden Globes. That was amazing. Hes my favorite actor in the world. By the way, did you think that my voice as Mr. Chow was my real accent? Okay. Tom Hanks… I met him, I said hello. And Tom was, like, Really? You dont talk like that? Im like. Really, fucking Forrest Gump? Really? Are you fucking kidding me? Do you walk around carrying a box of fucking chocolates while talking to a Wilson volleyball, you Cast Away motherfucker? I got to meet presidents because of The Hangover. I met Bill Clinton while we were doing Hangover II. We were in Bangkok. Clinton was also in Bangkok, doing God-knows-what. Thats Slick Willie for you, you know what I mean? If Obama is a high school principal, Bill Clinton is a PE coach slipping you some ganja, going, Dont tell anyone, okay? But he has the highest IQ of any modern-day US president. Hes a political genius. There is no one more politically smart than Bill Clinton. He is so convincing, he is so charismatic, he is so engaging. I went to a fundraiser… He was so persuasive, I would suck his dick. I really would. Just give me a blue dress. I fucking dare you. Im sucking his dick for freedom, guys. And jiggling his balls for the environment. I got to meet Obama, which was amazing. Yes! Obama. Not Barack. His half-brother Fred who runs a Macys in Queens. Now… No, I got to meet Obama with Zach Galifianakis who played Alan in The Hangover, who by the way… Zach Galifianakis is the funniest motherfucker alive. Hes my favorite actor Ive ever worked with because… Like Kevin Hart, we all go way back doing stand-up comedy. And when he was doing it, I always hated following him because he was always the funniest guy in the room. But here we are at the White House, meeting the sitting president of the United States and I have to follow him again. Im like, Fuck, dude! Because Zach comes with jokes, man. He comes loaded with jokes, and this is the first time Obama and Zach had met before they did the Between Two Ferns thing. So they were instantly… Dude, they were on. They were simpatico. I was watching their fucking comedy kinship from the beginning. Zach whips out a two-dollar bill, and goes, Do you have change for this, for this photo session? and Obama is laughing so hard, going, Very droll, Zach, Very droll. And Im standing to the side in a suit and a tie because Im a good fucking Asian, you know what I mean? Im standing with a suit and a tie and Im having what I call my Google Image resting face, all right? Because when you Google-Image search me, you always get this… And by the way, when it says Wear a suit and a tie, thats what you do, you know? Zach is such a rock star, hes wearing a T-shirt, Toughskins and some fucking Crocs and hes like POTUSs favorite son, all of a sudden. And then its my turn. I cant follow him. I dont have jokes. I just want to do my photo and get the fuck out of there. Obamas like… He looks at the card. I dont know if he knows who I am. Hes looking at me. Im right there. Secret Service is right there. He goes, Oh. And he does his whole drawl… Oh, its Ken! Hmm, yeah. We like Ken, dont we? Im like, What? So, I walk in, he puts his arm around me, and Im just… Same face. And hes disappointed at me because, unlike Zach, Im not doing anything. His exact words, Come on, man. Loosen up, man. Youre a little stiff, man. Literally, Galifianakis comes in and he goes, This is how you entertain the president, Ken. And he and Obama proceed to verbally roast me for five minutes. It was a roast battle. It was like fucking Jeselnik and Ross. Like, fucking… It was like… They were telling me to loosen up. And Im like, Well, I suppose I could loosen up my tie. And Obama, I swear to God, he said the driest… He said, No, Ive seen your work. No nudity. Its a family affair, a family show. And thats why I voted for Trump. Now… Because hes a great guy. Not racist, rarely tweets. I got a Trump story, too, man. I had a… I could have met him. We were both booked to be on Jimmy Fallon together, a couple of years ago, when he was a presumptive Republican nominee, and I was the second guest. Dude, I am scared of Trump. Asians are fucking scared of Trump like Godzilla. We are just fucking scared. Dude, when Trump got elected, my daughter Zoey… She was just like, Oh, my God. Do we have to bow to him? I swear to God. And Im, like,, Yes. Yes, you do, Zoey. Get your bow game on, bitch. Hes the president, all right? But I was so scared to meet him. Im really frightened to meet him. And theyre like, fucking, Why, dude? Im like, Think about it, okay? Stay with me for a second, all right? Hes a big Hangover fan, and wanted to meet me. Hes seen my fucking big bush in The Hangover, all right? Hes seen me naked. Hes seen my shiitake mushroom. You know what I mean? Just stay with me. What if he gets really horny and shit? You just dont know. Horny or hangry or whatever the fuck he gets. When he gets aroused, all that Access Hollywood shit came out. What if he wants to grab my almost-pussy, guys? I dont want to get Me Too-ed ‘ by the president! And that is when Ken Jeong became woke. You know, you dont want that. Dont worry, thats not going to make it in the special. Itll be fine. Because I dont think hes going to be around for that long, so… I swear to fucking God. When Obama is speaking, he goes, How hard is it to condemn Nazism? How hard is it after Charlottesville to condemn racism? You know, hes appeasing to his racist alt-right base and shit. Even the racists are like, Dude, tone it down, Donnie! Dude, we get it! Even David Duke, Whoa, save some racism for us! We get it. This is not how youre racist. For real, I was in Palm Springs, all right? Two hours south of here, thinking that would be safe, and I got fucking heckled by a Trump white-trash supporter, man. Ive never been heckled by white trash before! I was just like… And it gave me no end of pleasure to say, As a minority millionaire… …you can suck on these Chinese nuts! And Im Korean. All right, all right. Gonna get all that… Well shake that off, shake that off. Ill be back as Mr. Chow, Mr. Chow, Mr. Chow. You guys watch Dr. Ken? – Yeah! And thats why it got canceled. Now… If Im going to be honest with you right now… This is the most honest Ill ever be, right now… It is like… Seriously, our show got canceled about a year ago, and I honestly am still down about it. I am so sad about it. I created that show. I was a writer on that show, executive producer on that show. We had five Asian-American people of color on an ABC series. It was my biggest accomplishment of my career. And Ill tell you, as a guy who had 44 episodes of that show and I put my heart and life and blood and sweat into that show. What could be worse? I mean, this was like the worst thing that ever happened to a Hollywood guy, losing his Hollywood show. How life could get… How worse could life get than that? So there I am, sobbing in my mansion, eating some Pad Thai yelling at my houseboy. And I dont have any gigs upcoming. I dont have anything. I have nothing planned. I was like, Jesus Christ. I hope I dont have to go back and do stand-up at the Ice House or something. I wouldnt wish that on my worst enemy. You know what I mean? I would hate that. But then the moment Dr. Ken got canceled, I got a call from the director of Crazy Rich Asians. And literally within an hour, Im on a plane to Singapore, a 17-hour flight… And, by the way… To shoot my first scene in Crazy Rich Asians… And, by the way, that movie is the first all-Asian-American cast… Twenty-five years in a Hollywood film… …since The Joy Luck Club. Think about this, my first scene I shot that movie, the first scene, 24 hours prior, Dr. Ken had just been canceled. So, to me, thats all I see when I see that movie. And that movie got me through everything. Because you know what? Director Jon M. Chu let me improvise. All that shit was just off the top of my head. Me and… Me and Aquafina… Aquafina… is my daughter. I love her so much. Im Papa-fina to her Aquafina. We both improvised that shit. I mean, we were just on a fucking… It was so therapeutic. None of that shit was in the script. Cal State Fullerton is my… You know what I mean? Thats my new Toodle-oo, motherfuckers, you know what I mean? But it was amazing that I got to improvise that whole scene and get away with it. I mean, it was, like, crazy. We didnt pay attention to the script to the point where the director was like, What the fuck, you know? And then you jump-cut a year later. It is the number one movie, three weeks in a row. Insane. None of us expected that. To have so much representation on the screen means everything to me, because thats all I wanted Dr. Ken to be. I wanted Dr. Ken to show more Asian-Americans on the screen, and in Crazy Rich Asians, they did it in such grand style. Crazy Rich Asians actually allowed me to let go of Dr. Ken. So, everythings so full-circle and so therapeutic. And what makes it even more full circle is that the director of Crazy Rich Asians is in the back, directing my Netflix special right now. All right, you dont have to clap that fucking hard, all right? Its my fucking show. All right, my whole point is, the moral of the story is that Im a rich person who just got richer. Now… Yay, me. Yay, me. Uptown problems. All right. This is how comedians fucking get ready for their big show. They have a list of jokes, because this is how a real comedian does it. You know, Im just gonna… Youll see me just look at some of my stuff, like a good fucking Asian. Just kind of like a… After Dr. Ken, I had a lot of free time, so I actually went and did jury duty in Van Nuys. And what is the point of being famous if you cant get out of fucking jury duty? True story, it was a murder trial. The defendant recognized me. And he looks at me, like… Oh, shit! But did you die? Your honor, sidebar, your honor, please. Your honor, I cant serve on this jury. I cant put a fan in jail. Itll ruin my brand, all right? And shes like, Trust me, a lot of your fans are in the clink, so… Nailed it. What I loved about doing Dr. Ken is that I got to actually put my daughter on the show. I actually have two kids. I have two daughters. Alexa, named after the Amazon Echo… and Zoey, named after Kravitz or Deschanel, depending if youre black or white. Now… I got Zoey on the show. She played the stalker to my TV son. And her name was Emily and she is funnier than me. I actually am kind of like a… Im like a tiger mom of Asian… Like, I want my daughter to be an actor, I wont lie to you. Because I think shes funnier than me and I was really wanting her to… And she was so good on the show, to the point that ABC wanted to make her a series regular. It was so exciting. I went up to Zoey. I said, Oh, my God! Isnt it amazing? Do you want to be on more Dr. Ken? She was like, Do I have to? Like, what the fuck? You got a fresh-off-the-boat offer I dont know about, or…? Are you leveraging me to get on Black-ish, bitch? I mean… No, it turned out she just wants to be a normal kid, man. She just doesnt even want to be an actor. She just wants to chart her own path, not unlike me when I told my father I wanted to chart my own path. So, far be it for me to deny my daughter that opportunity. So I wrote her out of the show and it was a great exit scene, and my wife and I were just standing, watching her. She did such an amazing job and as a father, I couldnt be more proud of my independent daughter. But as a producer, if she ever decides to get back in the game, Ill fucking crush her, all right? I get a lot of stuff where people think Im kind of the model minority and its a lot of… I dont know. I guess its a little heavy for me because, think about it… Like, oh, youre a doctor, youre an actor, youre a comedian, youre an Instagram model. You can do all of these things. And the truth of the matter, man… Like, no, when I was in med school, dude, I almost failed out of med school three times, dude. I was not a smart medical student. I actually failed my board entrance exams, like, three times. I mean, dude, theyre all multiple choice, eight-hour test and I just couldnt do well on those exams. Those tests are fucking racially biased, all right? Against Asian students who dont study very hard. Now… And I felt like, you know… I felt like a phony just walking around the halls of the hospital in med school. I felt like I got in only because it was my birthright. You know what I mean? I mean, heres my interview for med school. So, Ken, tell me about yourself. – Well, Im Korean. – Stop. Congratulations, youre in. – Thats it? – Thats it. Small-dick scholarship. But I think thats why I worked so hard as a physician. I worked at Kaiser Permanente for seven years, and I really did. I was very hardcore. I never joked around with my patients. I took that shit very, very seriously because everyone was like, You always joke. How about, You never joked around? Im like, No. They were, Come on, man, laughter is the best medicine. No, fuck that. Medicine is the best medicine! All right? Have you ever tried Klonopin? Its amazing! You know? And its not like I was like fucking Patch Adams or some shit like that, like a fucking clown. Its not like I went up to some people and go, Oh, you got herpes, but I got your nose! Honk! Honk! Getting back to my wife. Weve been together long time, right? A long time. Ive been pimpin that Ho for 16 years, and… You know? And you know what? I love you so much. The pimping was easy. It was. You know what I miss about Tran? I miss, like… I was just thinking about this the other day. When we were engaged, you know, we were motivated as a couple, you know, we were just trying to impress each other and, quite frankly, were very, very different, okay? Were very different on the surface, because shes, like, from San Francisco. Shes uptown, shes cosmopolitan, well-read. Shes very, very cultured. Me, Im a redneck from North Carolina who loves wrestling, all right? So were a little different, even though… And the thing is, to impress her… Shes a big sci-fi fan. So, I read all three Lord of the Rings books just to show her I could fucking read. Well, I didnt read it. I read the Cliff Notes. Well, most of the Cliff Notes. Most of it. And shes also very outdoorsy and, like, you know. So we go for a hike in Eagle Rock and do all that shit. Eagle Rock! Exactly. All right, thank you. You live in Eagle Rock? – Yeah, I do. – Thats so cool, man. Can I get back to my story now? Im kidding. Not even… Shes very outdoorsy and she loves to go hiking. We would go to Eagle Rock and shit like that. It was a lot. We actually went camping at Yosemite for, like, 10 days. I fucking hate camping, all right? I fucking hate that. I mean, who wants to take a shit in the woods, – you know what I mean? – Yeah! Think about that! Who wants to… Really? You love doing that? You like digging a hole and taking a fucking shit in the woods and putting that dirt back on? Thats your idea of fun? Not me. Im more of a Four Seasons type of gal, all right? Not me, guys. I wont even glamp as a millionaire, okay? But thats the thing. Thats the fun of the courtship, because you really want to prove yourself. And, you know, everything changes the moment we got married. And the moment I fucking trapped her. And it was just… Because when we got home from our honeymoon, she was looking at the calendar. Oh, my God. I was just thinking, honey, you love camping so much, maybe we should go back to Yosemite next month. Im like, Oh, no, I paid my dues, Ho. Off to the cinema! All right guys, to be brutally honest, man, I wanted to do stand-up because… You know, throughout the last 10 years of my life, you have highs and lows, and everything is all good. And then you realize, man, Im nothing without my wife. Im nothing without my family. Its true. And the reason why I chose the Ice House is because, for the very first time that Tran saw me do comedy, it was right here at the Ice House. Thats the reason why I wanted to do it. Its full circle. And my wife Tran is a breast cancer survivor, going on 10 years cancer-free. Ten years, cancer-free. And she is the strongest person I know, all right? All right, here is her story. Tran was breastfeeding Alexa and Zoey when they were one year old and she found a lump on her breast, all right? And then we had to get it biopsied and it turned out to be benign, according to the path report. And we were fine with that. This is great, it was benign. Were both doctors. Okay, well see what it is. Maybe its an infection, maybe its something else. And it got bigger, and it got bigger and bigger. And it wasnt getting better with antibiotics or supportive therapy. We got it re-biopsied, actually, and it came back Stage 3 triple-negative breast cancer, with a 23% chance of survival. Spoiler alert! Shes here right now, shes healthy. Shes doing great. Shes doing great. You are the strongest person that I know, because two days before she started her chemotherapy, where she would lose all of her hair and become really weak, she decided, she took her eight-hour standardized board exam, the one that I failed, and she passed it with flying colors! And Im thinking to myself, That Ho, you know? Its just so great. And she has had… Shes such a champ. She has the presence of mind. She goes, You know what? Im going to beat the cancer, so I might as well beat that exam. She is so clutch, man. She was like Reggie Miller against the Knicks in 95, where shes scoring, like, fucking eight points to beat… Shes a Vietnamese Reggie Miller, thats what she is. Or shes Vietnamese John Cena, but she didnt do this fucking bullshit. You know what I mean? Sidebar. By the way, I hosted WWE Raw with John Cena years ago and WWE asked me to host. Theyre like, Do you want to do this? Sure, Im an actor. I fake, wrestlings fake. What could go wrong, all right? And then, on the day, John Cena lifts me up for a body slam, throws me over the top rope and the five motherfuckers who were supposed to catch me… didnt. Wrestling is fucking real. He throws me over the top rope, I hit the concrete, my head hits the wooden plank. You hear the sound of my head hitting the plank. I had to call Tran after Raw went off the air to assure her Im okay. My whole point is, John Cena absolutely sucks. He does, Im just saying. But getting back to my wife, a fucking miracle happened. After the first dose of chemotherapy, after the first dose of adriamycin, all her cancer went away. It was amazing. We did a blood test, all normal. We did an MRI, all normal. PET scan, CAT scan, ultrasound mammogram, all normal. It was a miracle from God, Allah, Oprah or Tom Cruise. I tell you… I think it was Tommy, I really do. Which brings me, by the way, to my next point, or my next medical tip. All right, dude, if any woman who wants to get a mammogram for any reason, ask your doctor to get a mammogram. If youre concerned about breast cancer, ask your doctor for a mammogram for any reason. And if that doctor says you cant get a mammogram because you dont fall under the criteria, go to another fucking doctor who will get you that mammogram, all right? Thats what Im passionate about. We got to stand up to cancer. And thats what we got to do. And it was at the same point where we found out Trans cancer was gone I got offered the part of Mr. Chow in The Hangover. And I turned it down, actually, because Tran had 12 more rounds of chemo to go. You have to go full circle with that. You got to go, more chemo, more radiation, more procedures. And Im like, No, I dont want to leave my family. Tran was, like, You got to do this. Its only like a four-day trip out in Vegas, youll be fine. This will be healthy for you. You and I both know on the inside tip that the cancer is gone. Im like, No, I dont think I can do that. And it was actually Todd Phillips, the writer-director of The Hangover. He did Old School with Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell. He convinced me to do the movie. Directors are, by nature, like, fucking geniuses or evil manipulators. Thats what they are. Like, in Hangover III, I was doing a scene with John Goodman in a Bangkok prison, and I was just doing this scene, and theres a Thai toddler whos, like, three years old, and basically I was, like, trying to do some improv in my acting, hoping that scene will make it in. So I look at the toddler, I surprise him, I go, What are you looking at, you little shit? And he starts crying. You know, it was, like… So, it didnt make it into the movie. And then, so, Todd comes out of the video booth. Like, Chow, come on! And hes, like, yelling at me like a dog. He never calls me Ken. Hes like, Bad Chow! Bad Chow, like a dog. If he had a newspaper, hed hit me with it. And it was, like, Apologize! I said, I am so sorry. Apologize to the mother! – I am so sorry. – Good! And then he turns around and whispers in my ear, Do it again. Amazing. By the way, it was my idea to get naked in The Hangover. Did you guys know that? Yup, thats right. Ha-ha! My wife said itll be the feel-good movie of the summer, because every guy will go home feeling good about themselves. Thats my Ho, so… But if anyone, like, kind of broke me out of my depression, it was Todd Phillips. And, by the way, like, I didnt cry for six months, you know, because I wanted to be strong for my family and I actually prescribed myself antidepressants. Of all the shit I could prescribe myself, like weed, oxycodone, all these drugs… Even the pharmacist looked at my script, said, Celexa? Pussy! You know? Wow, this is the most aggressive Rite Aid Ive ever been to. And when youre on an antidepressant, you cant cry. Lord knows I tried. I tried stabbing myself in the balls, manipulating my taint. Most of my approaches were genital-based. Now… But if anyone broke me out of that spiral and made me cry, it was Todd Phillips. This guy fucking saved my life, cause he went to me… Every day, he would say, like… Because he comes from a family of oncologists, he knew the situation. He said, Look, we dont have to finish the movie with you in it. We can always do pickups and reshoots around you. This is a big, blockbuster Hollywood movie. No director will ever offer this, but he said to me, I will make sure that Ill fly you from Vegas to LA every time Tran has her chemo. And he did. He did not have to do that. It was amazing. And on the last day of filming, Bradley Cooper actually drove me from Vegas to LA to see Tran and to see how she was doing. These guys… Go back full-circle, Everyones like, Why do you love The Hangover so much? Why is it the best thing that ever happened in my life? Because it saved my fucking life, all right? It was so therapeutic to me. Even if I wasnt rich and famous, which I am. And on my last day of filming, I got really emotional, and for the first time in months, I just started breaking down and crying. I was like, Thank you so much, man. You know, you have no idea what you did for me. And I was just teary-eyed, and I went in for a hug. And Todds just like… because hes not a hugger. Im like, What the fuck, dude? I just bared my soul to you. He goes… I was like, What the…? And then I realized my dick was on his thigh. My whole point is, like my dick, life is short, all right, guys? Take chances, be brave. Long story short, Tran is here doing well. Ten years cancer-free. Our kids are doing great. There are new Hos sprouting up everywhere across the land. And I have my first Netflix special because of you guys. For a bit of nostalgia, I love to do selfie videos at the end of every show to encapsulate this. So I just want to kind of do this really quick for you guys. Its like doing a movie. Its a lot of fun. Guys, Ice House! Doing my first Netflix special! You guys have a good time? Wow, let me meet some people. This is a Ho. And this is a Ho. But my favorite Ho is in the back. And this is my favorite club. Love you, Ice House! Love you, Netflix! Toodle-oo, motherfuckers! Thank you guys so much. Thank you. Love you guys. Dana Lee! Why dont you stand up, man? He played my father, DK. Come on! Come on up here, Dana. Come on up here. – You gonna cut this? – Oh, fuck, yeah, Im gonna cut this. No, youre not gonna be in this. And, by the way, one of the stars of The Joy Luck Club is here. Well just get a camera on her. I know she doesnt want it. Give it up her for Ming-Na, right there. See, Dana? She didnt come up here like a whore, and just like… And to make things even more full-circle, the director of my Netflix special, Jon Chu… is right here. All right, dude, you dont have to fucking stand for him, you know what I mean? I just wanted you guys to wave, man. This is my fucking show, Jon. What the fuck?

RAY ROMANO@RIGHT HERE, AROUND THE CORNER@2019@Its been 23 years since I did a comedy special. And were on our way now… to the club where Im gonna do it. Its the club where I started at. Its the Comedy Cellar. It was my home club… thirty years ago. Thirty-two, actually. And… I used to come here from Queens every night. Drive in… at least six nights a week. And hang at the Cellar and do spots. So, thats what were gonna do. I figured, you know what? Lets do it there. Lets do it at the Comedy Cellar, and lets kinda… Lets do it like a… like a guest spot. Its a little bit… Im a little worried about it because theres no guarantee… that its gonna be a great audience. But theres an energy, theres a cool energy to not knowing… what youre gonna get. Then… they have the Village Underground also, they own the Village Underground and that was a music club. But the comedy became so popular that they converted it to comedy. So, were gonna do that. I think were gonna go into the Cellar, unannounced, and do a set, and then walk right around the corner. Its right around the corner. Village Underground. Do a set there. Now, hey, hey, hey! Whats up, whats up? How are you? How are you? There you go. Thats New York. How are you? Hi. I dont know who I am. All right. How are we doing… timewise? – Were on time, completely. – So what do I have, like…? – So, Gary Vider just went up, so youre… – Oh, he just went up? Yeah, youre gonna go after him. – Okay. – Okay? – Hes doing… – Hes doing ten. – Ten? – Yep. – All right. – All right. Sorry, gentleman, Im sorry. I apologize. Whats up, man, how are ya? I appreciate it. You gonna light em up in a minute? One minute? Okay, cool. How are they? Awesome. You dont gotta say that if it aint true. – Theyre very good. – All right, cool. All right, let me get down there. Let me get down there. All right, here we go. See you guys. Yeah. Gary Vider, everybody! – Can I get a water? – Water? All right. So one of the great things about the Comedy Cellar is sometimes we have special guests that drop in. How does that sound? Please help me welcome to the stage, Ray Romano. Whoa. Oh, stop, stop, stop… Please. Oh, no. Oh my, oh my… We are both gonna be disappointed a little bit. We cant live… you cant and I cant live up to that, but all right. Thank you so much. Thank you. Good to be here, good to be back. Here, this is where it all started, folks, long time ago. A long time ago. You werent born yet, buddy. You were not born. – You werent born. How old are you? – Twenty-three. Oh, man, I was here for ten years by the time you were born. You werent born. You werent in the country my friend. You were not… You were on the no-fly list when I started working here. All right, good to come back, see my friends. Heres the thing about friends. When you have a TV show, and you will, we all get one. No, seriously, folks. Its like jury duty. Youre gonna get a show. But youre gonna have friends, man. You gonna have a lot of friends. And its all right. Its a good problem, but I dont have time for my own friends. But heres what Ive learned. Im older now. Im, Im over fifty. Heres what Ive learned about life. Now that Im over fifty, Ill make the time to be your friend. If youre a doctor. Thats no bullshit. I want… Whos a doctor? Theres doctors here. Law of averages. What are you? What kind? Uh, interventional radiology. I dont know what that is, but were going golfing. It sounds good, you know shit. You know shit. Stock up on doctor friends, Im telling you. Get his card cause youre gonna need him. You get to a certain age, every day something happens. Every day! The other day, I woke up with a sprained ankle. What happened? No, but what happened? I went to bed. I was fine. I was fine when I got in bed. What is happening? Im not gay, but if a gay doctor ever made a move on me, I dont know, man. I swear to God. I dont know. Thats where Im at. That is where Im at. Im telling you the truth. If he has an MRI, Im sleeping over at his house. I want doctor friends. You get older. As you get older, you need different friends. Like when youre a teenager, the one friend you need is the first kid who has a car. You gotta buddy up to that kid, right? Yeah, and then you hit your twenties… new kid now. Usually a sketchy kid. He can get… Yeah, he can get shit. You dont know how he gets stuff. You dont ask, all you know is all the sudden he can get you tickets to REO Speedwagon. Yeah, you dont know what Im talking about. This table knows. That table knows. Yes, Im sorry. Im meant Coachella… Coachella tickets. Im sorry. And then thirties… Thirties and forties, new friends. Lawyer. You have to lawyer up now. Yes, find a good lawyer, cause thats when it all happens. Thats… you get a divorce. You, you gotta… You gotta get a picture of your dick off the internet all of a sudden. What happened? All of a sudden, I hit a button. I hit the button! I need a lawyer. And then fifties to seventies, man. Doctors. Doctors… And then heres the weird thing. In your eighties… back to the kid with the car. Yeah, full circle. Full circle. Now you need soup. Every day, you need soup. Yeah. I dont… You know, I dont… I dont think Im old. I just know Im not young. Thats the difference. There is a difference, yeah. Theres usually an event in a mans life… where he just, he cant be in denial anymore. He just has to realize… I remember when it happened to me. I remember when I realized I wasnt a young man anymore. Heres, heres what happened. I was having sex with my wife, and, and in the middle of it, I… I actually had to take a knee, you know? I had to go down, man. I had to stay down. I stay… I wasnt protesting anything. I was… You know what I was doing? I was running the clock out on my wife. This is the hard part. And by the way, Im not bragging. Its not like we were doing a lot. Its not like we were working up a sweat. I say in the middle of it. It was, it was barely long enough to have a middle. My mom, my moms eighty-nine. My… shes doing okay. She just had her hip replaced. And me and my brothers went to the hospital. I have an older brother, Richard, and a younger brother, Robert. And were at the hospital, and shes coming out of anesthesia. We think shes out… of anesthesia, but the doctors testing her. So, he goes to her, How many… Lucy, how many children you have? And she goes, Four, so, we know… Okay, Doc, shes a little loopy, cause theres only three. And then he keeps going. He goes, What are their names? And she goes, Richard, Richard, Richard, and Richard. Four Richards. And we laugh. You have to laugh. Im gonna be honest. Richard laughed a little more than me and Robert did. Yeah, we were a little weirded out. Im not mad. Im not gonna, you know… Shes eighty-nine. Shes coming out of anesthesia. I just thought, wow, thats… thats strong anesthesia. ‘Cause… No, I mean… No but seriously, if shes gonna name four… What, one of them cant be the… the guy who bought her a house? That guy? Cant get one name? How bout the guy who bought the hip? How bout that guy? How bout a shout out to the man… signing for the hip. No, four Richards. And now shes home, and shes fine, but shes eighty-nine. And let me tell you, the filter goes. The filter just leaves. I dont care who they are. My mom was a piano teacher. She went to Juilliard. She, she didnt say anything off-color. The other day she told me, You know, I stayed with your dad for so long because the sex was very good. Im, like, Mom! I screamed! I couldnt… I hyperventilated. The only thing more disturbing than picturing your parents having sex, is picturing them having good sex. I had that in my head. I said, No, Mom, dont. Please dont. You know what you gotta say to that stuff? Find the fourth Richard. Lay that shit out on him. Thats what hes for. My, you know, my kids will never have to worry about that. Thats one good thing. My wife… I dont care. I dont care how senile… That is not coming out of her mouth. Let me tell you right now. No, no. Shell be like, I stayed with your father. He came fast, he had a lot of money. Im gonna be honest. He had a lot of money. Yeah, I didnt know, you know, I didnt think it would last, but then… something happened. Then he popped. He popped. Oh, boy. I found an advantage to getting old. Heres one of the advantages to getting old. Heres what you dont have, buddy. Its… Its a weird advantage. I took an elbow in the groin. I was, I was playing basketball with my son. He elbowed me in the groin. Every guy knows that pain, right? So, it hasnt happened to me in thirty years. Thirty years ago, I got hit there, and I still remember the pain. Okay, so the other day were playing ball… boom. And Im, like, Oh no. And Im waiting, and Im waiting… Not that bad. I swear to God. It wasnt that bad. And Im… Im, like, Whats going on here? Whats… Do I have a superpower? Is this a superpower? And I figured it out. Heres what happened. Thirty years ago… things are compact down there. Right? But now, theres give. Theres give now. Theres, theres slack. Theres slack. You can take one. You can take a punch. You know what it is? Its like, its like punching a curtain now. Thats what it is. But thirty years ago… Heres why the body does that. Heres why it doesnt hurt when you get older. Because you dont need em. When youre, when youre… When youre twenty-three, when youre whatever, you gotta reproduce. So, the bodys telling you, Dont get hit here man. It makes it painful. But now… What do you need? What do I need? You know what they are now? Theyre like tonsils now. Really, thats all they are. Get em out. Get em out, before theyre infected. Right, doctor? You know what Im talking about. Get em out. Theyre going away. Theyre trying to get away on their own. Theyre trying to leave. Theyre, theyre having a race with each other, like, left, right, left. Its like the worlds slowest race to the ground is happening in front of me. And theyre getting… Heres the weird part. Theyre getting longer and this guys getting shorter. Its like… Theyre connected. Somehow theyre connected. All right. Im glad… Im glad were filming all this, cause… My wife hates that bit. My wife got mad at me the other day. We were on the cell phone, and we got disconnected. Yeah, we got disconnected. And I called her back, and she goes, What was that? Im like, What do you mean? We got disconnected. And she takes a beat and goes, All right. What are you saying? What do you mean? What do you… Oh, you know what, honey? You got me. You caught me. You know what I do? You know what I like to do? Its just a little thing… I just get a kick out of it. When were talking and you get really into it, and in the middle of a sentence, I hang up. I just hang up on ya. And then I call you right back, and Im, like, ‘I dont know. It was a bad patch, I dont know. The hell you… She gets mad. She… I was at a red light the other day, and the guy was selling roses, you know. And I dont usually… I dont get one, but then I just thought… I need some points, man. I gotta score some points. You know, its all about points. Ladies, I dont know what game were in with you. But you always have the lead. Youre always in front. By the way, the rose, if youre married for a while, that, that rose on the corner, that doesnt work. No, it doesnt, yeah. No, it doesnt, I know. ‘Cause they know where you got it. Theyre like, Oh, thank you. Thanks for the effort. Thank you very much. Thanks for rolling down the window. Yeah, you need a little more. You actually lose points. You might lose points. Were married a long time. Weve crossed over. When you first start… So, so, wait a minute. Whos… youre married. How long? Not long, right? Two, two weeks? – Two years. – Oh, two years, okay. – But, but still, thats short. – Yeah. But when youre married a long time… See, in the beginning of a relationship, youre in the do-no-wrong phase. Right? Whatever you do is cute. Its sweet. And then… weve crossed over. Im in the do-know-right. Im in the do-know-right. You know, I just have to accept it. I have to just know… Heres an example. Heres an example. Im walking through… Shes watching TV, and Im walking through, and I offer. I say, Oh, Ill get you some popcorn. I know she likes popcorn. And I offer, Ill get you popcorn. To which she says, All right, but… bring enough. Shes already pissed off. Shes already pissed off at me. Shed rather have no popcorn than not enough popcorn. Yeah. Its unbelievable. One morning, I mean, one night… It was one night where we were in bed, and she was asleep. I was reading a book. Shes asleep. So, I figure, all right, Im done getting in trouble today. Today Im, todays over. Yeah, and… And she wakes up. She wakes up, and she looks at me, and she goes, What are you doing? I said, I got the book, remember? I told you, I got this book. Yeah, and she just looks and goes, I thought we were gonna talk? And I said, Well, I mean, you fell asleep. And she looks and me, and she goes, I fall asleep, so right away, you pick up a book. No, cmon, no, ladies. No, ladies, no. Dont laugh. Please dont laugh at that. Please dont… Just tell me… Just tell me… what in shit hell does that mean? What do you… How do you converse with that? What do you say? Heres what it is. I figured it out. Heres, if youre newlyweds or whatever, or engaged, if you wanna be happy, you have to know one thing. Women really want you to focus on them every waking moment. Yes, but there is more, theres more. Because, then, when they sleep, you should sketch them. You dont open a book. You dont open a book. You take a sketch pad out, and you… Ha-ho-ho-ho-ha-ha-ha… And then if she wakes up, Look what I drew. I drew you. I drew you. Ill put this… Ill hang this up. Incredible. Any newlyweds? Any engaged people, newlyweds, anything? What? What are ya? – Just go married a month ago. – A month ago! Whoa. Where… Where was your bachelor party? Do you… are you…? Nashville. Nashville and Miami? Do you know… Do you really know the details? Lets not, no… Lets not even get into it. ‘Cause you dont know the details. I know the details. I know you know the details, but you dont know the details. No, nah, who cares? Youre having fun. Youre good. My friend… The other day, I saw this old guy, old buddy, and we started swapping bachelor party stories. I dont know why guys do this. Anyway, I told him mine, and he started his with… Well, you gotta remember, this was before AIDS. And I knew, oh… I knew right away… youre gonna have a better story than I did. Yeah. Your ears perk up. Your ears perk when someone starts a story like that. Even if it sounds boring. Did I ever tell you I went candle shopping in Vermont? Oh boy, Im out. This was before AIDS. Im back in. What happened? Come over here, guys. This is gonna have a twist. What happened in the candle shop? Hes a weird dude, man. He sends me these websites. He sent me a website. He likes to send perverted websites. He sent this website… Guys who can orally satisfy themselves. Yes. Yes. Its always like a mixed reaction. It is, cause women are like, Mm… And men are like, Hm. Yeah, you wonder. Its a conundrum. You dont want… By the way, men. You dont want that. You dont want it. You dont want it. ‘Cause listen, how would we stop? Seriously, how would we stop? We have so little self-control as it is. Your wife wouldnt go out in public. You… every guy would have to wear the cone that dogs wear around their neck. Before the wife would go out with ya. And they would share their horror stories. I took him to the bank without the cone. I turn my head for one minute. I turn my head. I dont understand it. Hes an animal. I tried the pepper. The pepper doesnt work! All right, well, good for you, sir. Be aware. Heres my next… Heres my other tip. Be aware of things. You have to notice things. Like if she gets a haircut, you gotta notice it before she tells you. Yes, you do. Every three days, I say, Nice haircut to my wife when she comes in. Every three days, I cover myself. It doesnt matter if youre wrong. You dont lose points if youre wrong. If youre wrong, if she says, I didnt get a haircut. You say, You did something different. Theyre always doing something different. Always something different! You get a point. You get one. You dont get five. You get one. Be aware. Try to avoid questions. Questions get you in trouble. Simple questions… Simple questions used to get me in trouble. Like when we were going out, What dress looks better on me? First of all, dont say, I dont know, because that seems like you dont care. Yeah, you gotta… pick one. Although, ladies, Im gonna… Im gonna let you in on a secret. We dont know. We dont really know. We dont even see a dress. Its just like pixelation with your head on the top of it. We… We dont know! We just want you to get in the car! Get in the car! But pick one, man. Pick one and go hard. Oh, God, that one right there. Thats your dress. You got to sell it. You sell it. Be careful. She may throw you. She may, Oh, how come this one? Now you gotta pull something out of your ass. Now you dont know. Now you gotta… stall. If you stall, shell answer it for you. Eventually, shell answer it. Its cause of the fuchsia? Right? Its cause of the fuchsia? Folks, I dont know what fuchsia is, but it looks good on her. Thats what I told her. Yes, its fuchsia! I thought it was a color, fabric… I dont know. But I went with it hard. We had the stupidest argument. Oh, God, I cant believe were in this argument. Its a little too much info, but Ill tell ya. I saw pubic hair in the wastebasket. I, I saw pubic hair in the wastebasket in our bathroom, and I called her on it. I said, Thats gross. Whatre you doing, thats gross. And she was mad at me, so mad. Not because I called her on it. But because, apparently, it wasnt pubic hair. Apparently, she was clean her hairbrush. And, yeah, and she is pissed off that I couldnt tell the difference. And Ill be honest. It was a tumbleweed ball of hair in there. I didnt think it through. I did not think in through. And she will not let it go now. She is, Do you ever look? Do you look at me ever? What do you, what do you think, I have sheep shears and I just… What the hell is wrong with you? Whatre you watching 70s porn all day? How bout the color? What, do I highlight my pubes? Is that what I do now? I dont know why shes so mad. What do I…? Last thing. A couple months ago, I got Netflix, and I started watching these movies. Please somebody tell me they saw this movie. It was about two years ago, this movie Everest. I just saw it. Okay, see, not a lot of people. I wish you did. I wish you did because I wanna talk to people about the most unbelievable scene that I saw. Its a true story, the climbing of Mt. Everest. Okay. This scene… Theyre sitting around the campfire. Theyre waiting to go up. Theyre at, like, base camp two, whatever it is. And Josh Brolins character looks at the other guys and go… He goes, Hey, guys, I feel a little guilty, you know? Forgot to tell my wife I was doing this. I had to rewind. I had to rewind the thing. I swear to God, I rewound it. He forgot to tell his wife… hes climbing Mt. Everest. Let me tell you something. My wife is constantly telling me, Youre the worst communicating husband in the world. No, Im not. No, Im not. I found a guy. I found the Babe Ruth of non-communication. What could you do worse? What is theyre bigger in life? What could… I guess if Neil Armstrongs wife was watching the moon landing… Is… Is that Neil? Is Neil…? Is… Is… Is Daddy, is that Daddy on the moon? All right, thanks for being one-half of my special. Appreciate it. Thank you. Ray Romano, everybody! Let him hear it! Ooooooh! Good job, Ray. Hey, man, Ill see you. Thanks, man. That was a great show! Which one? The one just now! Howd you get up here? Howd I get up here? I went to the bathroom. I heard part of your show. Okay. Youre the reason I watch all your repeats. Appreciate it. Thank you. Hello. Hello. All right, I got a few minutes. Wait a minute, do I? I got eight minutes. That was… fun. Small crowd. Yo, whats happening? – How are you? Whats happening? – No, how are you? Im fucking great! You are. All right. Watch your back! Ray Romano. How are ya, man? How are ya? Ray Romano. Yes, sir. Hes mocking me. Hey, buddy. Hows it going, man? How are ya, man, good to see ya. Whats up? How are they? Its good, really good, Ray. Really? Cool. Cool, cool. Im gonna head down. Twelve weeks of that, just sipping tea. Twelve weeks sipping tea. I got so angry. What came out of me, I couldnt help it. I was like, I dont want some tea anymore, okay? I wanna sit on your face. Tea time is over. All right, you guys have been awesome! Marina Franklin, everybody! Marina Franklin, everybody! And… you guys ready for a treat? My favorite comic has stopped by for a little while. Clap your hands everybody, for Ray Romano! Ray… Romano, everybody! All right, easy. Slow it up. Slow it up. Pace… Pace. Wow. Thank you so much. Good to be here. Good to be back. This is where all started, folks, long time ago. It all started right here… around the corner. Here, over there. You know what I mean. All right. What do we do? Lets talk. You know what? First, I wanna do… I wanna use you people for therapy. Now, I do, I feel guilty. I have a guilt thing going on. I… I, I killed a spider. I know, hear me out. I know we all do it. But heres why. It was in my shower, big spider. Heres why I feel guilty. I didnt have to kill him. But… He saw me masturbating. I think men know the dilemma here. No witnesses, nobody… Its a spider. Hes not gonna say anything. But why take the chance? Why really…? And heres why I feel bad. I killed him… and then I told you anyway. I told you anyway. He died in vain. All right. Sorry for the cameras. Netflix gave me a comedy special, and I decided to do it here at my home club. Youre… yeah. Little pressure. Little pressure on you people now. Youre on the spot. I saw a woman in a supermarket. This I have to share with you. There was a woman in the supermarket, and she was yelling at this kid. He was a five-year-old kid. Or five or whatever… four. And shes yelling at him, and I got four kids. So, when I see that, I go over there… and I yell at that kid with that woman. I do. I yell. I dont have to know anything. I dont need facts. Thats a bad kid. That is… I dont know what hes doing, but hes being wrong. But this woman, she scared me a little. He had, like, a candy bar, and he wouldnt put it back. And I could tell she was reaching the end of her rope, and she looks at him and goes, Im giving you to the count of two. Listen to me. I dont care if you have kids or not. I think we all know, three is the number you give a child. Three is the humane, accepted number. Its international. People from other countries, I dont care what language you speak. You could… You could be from a tribe that uses sounds! Youre giving your kid three. Youre giving him… Thats what this.. Your kid would get three clucks to, to… to get away from the quicksand or whatever the hell hes doing. It was sad. He had two! He didnt know what to… He wouldnt have made it to the rack, the candy rack, by two. He wouldve had to hand it off to some kid who had three. Take it the rest of the way, help me. This is a crazy woman. We have parents, theres parents here, right? I can tell, yeah. Whos got the young kids? Whos got the four and five…? What do you got? Youre… you? What do you got? – Four-year-old. – Got a four-year-old? But youre, like, eleven. Thirty-nine! – Youre forty-nine? – Thirty-nine. Oh, I was gonna say… If you were forty-nine, I was gonna end my show right there. ‘Cause that… Its not old, man, youre young. This is, yes? – Yes. – Okay. Remember, we can cut. – So, you got a four-year-old what? Boy? – Boy. Does he nap still? – Sure. – Oh, so, you have that, at least. Yeah. Four years old, still naps. Thats, thats lucky. Yeah, my kids are old, man, they dont… Theyre conscious all day. Yeah. I used to love the nap. I used to love the little tricks, too, to get em to nap. Every parent knows the, the car seat is your best friend… or your enemy. The car seats your enemy when you dont want em to nap. Its, now its dinner time. Youre driving home from the park. Youre, like, Holy shit, if he falls asleep now, Im gonna have to do a puppet show at midnight for this kid, you watch. And then you look in the mirror and you see the little head there. The little… Like, Oh, no! Oh, no! La-la-la-la! Oh, no. You know what I did? I kept a water gun in the glove compartment. He aint sleeping. He aint sleeping. I wanna watch Cake Wars later on. Hes not sleeping, this kid. Is this like a vacation… thing? Little night out? Little… I mean, overnight thing? ‘Cause when you got, I know when you have little kids, you gotta get the overnight thing. We would go… My mom would come over, we would go like on a thing overnight, because you cant do anything. I had three kids under the age of three. I had twins. Yes, nothing. Nothing. No sex, no nothing. And when we would go away, my wife knew I would get overexcited. Like, wed get to the hotel, and shed say, Can we, can we please not have sex the moment we get in the room? ‘Cause she would know. Shes unzipping luggage, and Im naked in my socks already. Nobodys here. Nobodys here. She knew. She would ignore me. Shed go down to the pool. I would just wait in the room. You know, Id hear the guy in the next room. Me, too, buddy. Me, too. Good luck, man. Good luck, buddy. Vacation sex, by the way, thats the best sex there is. Yeah. For a guy, vacation sex is the best. Ill tell you why. Theres less pressure on the guy… during vacation sex, because even if hes… even if he doesnt perform, even if hes disappointing… Shes on vacation. Shell get over it. Shell get over it. Shell be like, Well, that wasnt fun. But theres fun coming up. Theres fun coming up. But what has she got at home? You know what I would do I… for home sex? Id keep a little treat under the bed. Just put a little something. Just a little something. This way, you come up a little short, and youre like, Honey, jello! Jello! Yes, put jello, man. Put jello, cause then its incentive to you, because then if youre good, thats your jello, man. She aint getting anything. She dont get none of that. Thats your little reward… Its hard when youre married, man. Its hard having… sex with kids. Its hard after youre married. Youre very seldom in the mood at the same time. And by that I mean… her being in the mood. Its true. I know its a cliche. But if you had a chart, it would just be men, you know, in the mood… And women just… beep! Beep! Oh, no, I made a mistake. I made a mistake. Alcohol helps. But theres a very small window of time. ‘Cause alcohol goes from putting her in the mood to putting her to sleep, very fast. Yeah, if were at a party and shes had a few drinks, I… I know I gotta get home if I want something to happen. I gotta, I gotta find a shortcut. I cant, you know, I got… no traffic. Im watching her. I got the water gun in my hand, you know. Im just, like, showing it to her. You gotta get home. If a married couple ever tells you, We had sex in the car the other night, theyre not trying to relive their youth. That guy was running out of time. Thats what happened. That guy hit some traffic, and he pulled into a Costco parking lot. He called an audible. By the way, morning sex… I have my highest batting averages in the morning. No, it really is. She doesnt say no as much, cause she cant say shes tired. Right? She cant say that. No, she cant. Shes had eight hours sleep. I watched the last two of em. Right? And also in her head, shes thinking, Im gonna shower anyway. Im gonna shower, right? Plus, youre not in focus. She cant even see you, really, yet. You… She could squint you into Bon Jovi. How long you married for? – Youre married, yes? – Were not married. – Youre not married, okay. – Its a long story. Its all right. Whatever. Were here, and were all having fun. – Well, youve been together, for a while. – Four years. Yes, okay. When youve been married for a longer time… Heres the good thing about being married for a while. If I get turned down or whatever it is, nobodys feelings are hurt. You dont have to spare anybodys feelings. My wife… I know right away, I know right away if its gonna happen or not. And shes very succinct. She doesnt waste words. Heres my favorite turndown I ever had. We were in bed. It was the morning, she was facing that way. Shes not even looking at me. And I was like, Ill give it a shot. Ill give it a shot. I make a move. Heres my move. Heres my big move. Take my arm, put it on her shoulder. Thats it. Thats all it is. Thats all I need. She knows exactly whats going on. Its the morning. Im touching her. If Im touching her in the morning… Come on, it can only mean one thing. And heres how I knew it wasnt gonna happen. As soon as my hand hit her shoulder, she didnt even turn. She just said, Whats your problem? Okay. Its one motion. Remote control, keep your head down, follow through quick. Yeah. But who cares? Nobodys hurt. Its hard, sex with kids and marriage. I had TV sex. I had… I had my first real sex scene. I mean, my first real sex scene a little while back on a show on HBO called Vinyl, which nobody saw. No, nobody saw. It got canceled. Thank you. But yeah, I wish… There should be more. But anyway… It was intense. I mean, it was the real deal. There was nudity, everything. In hindsight, thats probably why nobody saw the show. Thats probably… If you think about it, who wants to see… Nobody wants to see that. Even Netflix told me. When they gave me the special, they said, No nudity. Im like, Why do you…? Im doing stand-up. Okay, but still, dont… nothing… But this was on HBO, and it was scary. Scared out of my wits. Intense, nervous. You know, youre simulating sex. Its not real. But he dont know that. No, he dont know that. Hes not an actor. Its like playing a prank on a guy over and over again. Its like ringing a doorbell and running away… to your crotch. I got worried he wouldnt show up. Like the Boy Who Cried Wolf. Like when I really want him, hed be, I aint falling for that one again. Im not… How much can a guy take? Are you gonna have more kids, you think? – You got the boy, right? – Yeah. Yeah, I had the girl first. My youngest is a boy. I have a 16-year-old boy in the house. Anybody got a teenager? No? You probably do, but you dont have the energy to say it. I dont know how to describe this kid. I really dont. He brags about things… you shouldnt admit to. The other day, he walked through the kitchen, and he looks at us… Havent showered in four days. Just likes to hurt us. He really likes to hurt us. And hes big. Hes six-five, my son. Yeah. Yeah, and he doesnt shower. Theres a lot going on, man. Theres a lot going on. Yeah, hes big. Plays varsity basketball. Im not bragging. Hes not that good. Hes not that good. Hes all right. Hell get better. He played with a kid… He played one year with this kid who got drafted yesterday in the NBA, Aaron Holliday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, he got to play with him. This was cool. The trainer called our house once, and said Aaron bit Joe in the forehead. They were going up for a layup. Aarons teeth went into Joes head. And my wife got, you know, shes upset. Oh, no, hes gonna need stitches. And then she got mad at me… because all I could think was, maybe its like a Spider-Man bite. Maybe… Maybe… I start going to the games now. Maybe Joe can dunk now. At six-foot-five. God forbid he jumps four inches off the ground. And dunks for his father. Make an effort, Joe! And now he drives. Why do we give 16-year-olds licenses? My son doesnt care about anything. He called me the other day, hes like, Hey dad, Im in the car. Yeah, I dont know. I guess, I guess Im outta gas right now. I went… What do you mean you dont know, Joe? Are you moving? Is the car moving? Im not moving. Im not moving. I put my foot on the pedal, Im not going anywhere. All right, where are you, Joe? And hes very calm now. Hes la-di-da. Im here. Im on the 101. The 101 is a five-lane highway. Nothing! So, I assume like anybody would, Oh, youre on the side of the road now? – No, Im in the middle lane right now. – What do you mean, Joe! Wheres the urgency! And I swear to you, this is the exchange, cause Im panicking now. Whats the traffic like? Well, behind me, its bad, but its moving in front of me. Im gonna kick your ass. Im gonna kick your ass, Joe, cause you need fear. You need fear in your life. And my wife tries to spin it. You know, whatever he does, she puts the spin on it. Well, he doesnt panic. Hes Zen. Hes a very Zen-like boy. Like astronauts. Maybe hell be an astronaut one day. Oh, you think so? Really? I dont wanna burst your bubble, but if he cant interpret the gas gauge on a Mazda… Nah, he aint getting in the Space Shuttle. Ill tell ya right now, give that up. My kid is not an astronaut. Unless an astronaut bites him. If an astronaut bites him… then we got a chance. Incredible. I think he does things… just to get a reaction, really. My friend, the other day, said to me, Hey, my son told me that Joe is an ordained minister now. Im like, What? I guess online for, like, five bucks or whatever… Heres what pissed me off. Not that he did it. But when I asked him about it… I text him, Joe, are you an ordained minister? And his reply? Pretty much. Im gonna punch you. Im gonna punch you, Joe. Thats not the answer. Thats not how you answer that question. Thats the answer to Did your rash go away? Pretty much. Pretty much, Im an ordained minister. And I have twins, also. Yes, and then I have my oldest, is my daughter. We… She has a nickname… the Good One. Theyre all good. She just, you know… You know. She does things. She does things. They dont do things. Thats the difference. She goes… Straight As… She went to Penn. She… My daughter went to Penn. We flew her from L.A. to Penn. The boys were, like, thirteen. Identical twins. And, my wife did not want to bring em because she was so emotional. She just wanted to share this. But they came. Anyway, were in the dorm. Were putting… Were getting her settled. And the boys are just being idiots, you know? And, finally we have to say goodbye, and its emotional, and we leave. We go to this FedEx store. We gotta ship something home. And my wife turns to me and goes, Im coming back next week, by myself. By myself. And when your married for awhile, and you hear that tone, you dont even make eye contact really. You just kinda, I know, okay, youre coming by yourself. Youre staying with them. Youre staying with them. Stay with them. Stay with them. And then she goes, Look at em. And I look, and right at that moment, one of em had a traffic cone on his head. And the other was looking down the top of it. And I wanted to laugh so hard. I had to stifle the biggest laugh. ‘Cause shes having a breakdown. My wifes having a breakdown. I finally, I just put my arm around her and I go, Look, if its any consolation, were not gonna have to make this trip for them. Theyre not coming here. Theyre not coming to Penn. Were gonna get em an RV, and theyre gonna live in the woods. Thats all right. Well know where they are. Well pay for the electricity. It was unbelievable. It was like sitcom timing. I wouldnt even write that in a sitcom cause itd be too jokey. She goes, Look at em! Traffic cone! I dont know what a traffic cone was doing in a FedEx store. For a couple weeks, I tried to figure out… whos stupider? Which one of those two is the stupider kid at the moment? And you know what? I thought it through. Its the one wearing the cone. Its the guy wearing it. Hes the stupider one. Because the guy looking, hes at least being inquisitive, you know? Hes doing something. Hes curious. Although, hes probably thinking, Hey, whered my brother go? Whats going on? Whats in here? Oh, stay where you are! Stay where you are, Greg! Unbelievable. All true. Im not… I havent written any of this. I wish… I wish I could write this. All of it. Hes a, hes a fucking ordained minister. And he doesnt shower. And he can marry you. I wish I was making it up. Then theres me. My poor wife. Then theres me, too. Im not, you know… My wife passed a… The other day, my wife got all of us together, all the men. And she passed a new ordinance in the house. A new law. She said, Im not answering any stupid questions. She goes, From now on, if you ask me a question that you should know the answer, Im just walking away. And I was, like, whatever. You, know, I dont wanna show fear in front of my kids. Im not gonna show fear. I have an image for the boys. I didnt think about it. I let her go. And then the next day, I really didnt think about it ‘tiI I couldnt find my sweatpants. I couldnt find my sweatpants, and I was walking up to ask her, and then I stopped myself. I was, like, Oh, no, is this one of those? And then I thought, I cant live like this. And I just… Look, I said, whatever happens, happens. I said, I cant find my sweatpants. And she looked, and she didnt say anything for a second. And I gotta admit, my heart started beating a little faster. And then, finally, she just goes, Check the dryer. Theyre probably in the dryer. I go, Okay. I walked away, I went, Phew, I got away. I got away. It worked, she scared me. I got away with it. And then I thought… I cant ask her where the dryer is. I gotta find the dryer. I gotta find that dryer. I gotta get the… We got the boys, you know, we all talked about it. Nobody knew. Nobody really knew. We all went in separate directions. Got people from out of the country here. – Australia! – Australia. Is this the first time? – No. – You been coming here a lot? You love it, right? How can you not love New York? Be careful. By the way, I grew up here. I still havent seen every weirdo there is to see out there. Theyre fun weirdos. I had my favorite encounter the other day. This one, I gotta tell you. My whole life I been here. And my favorite encounter was the other day. I was walking, it was broad daylight. And this guys sees me, and he comes running over, and he goes, Ill give you a blowjob for two dollars. Yeah, and I was polite. First of all, be polite. Always be polite. I was like, Hey, no thanks, man. Thats okay. And this is what got me. He looks at me and goes, Two dollars. Im like, No. No, listen, buddy, youre not getting it, man. Youre not getting it. Im not haggling. Were not haggling right now. Thats a good price. You cant go lower. How can you go lower than two dollars? It costs much more in my house, Im gonna tell you right now. He couldnt believe it. He goes, Theyre two dollars. He mustve had a bad day. That mustve been a bad… Thats, thats a going-out-of-business blowjob right there. Thats… Thats a everything-must-go… All right. All right, last thing. This is gonna… This might bum you out a little. Yeah, maybe, I dont know. Its about my dog. I had to put my dog down. I told ya. I warned ya. Well, hes fourteen. And… he saw me masturbating. Yeah. I have a hard rule. I have a hard rule in my house. Hey, thank you for being one half of my Netflix special. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Ray Romano, everybody! Ray! Romano! Holy shit, you can go back and… Guys, cmon, lets go. …Ray Romano become the king of fucking Little Rock? Thats right, yes, very exciting, right? And you here with the women… – How was it? – It was good! Good! They were loud in the beginning, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah… They were really good. That was a good crowd. I could tell it was good cause it went fast. Whats up, buddy. It was good. It was good, man. Thanks. – Bye, Ray. – All right, buddy, Ill see you, Sean. – All right, everybodys here. – Were all together. This is the minister. Are you the conehead or the looker? Im the looker. – Im the conehead. – Conehead. Theres the good one. And theres the one who has to spend all the money. – Are we hungry? – Yeah. Something got a really big applause that it was very… that I was really surprised about. – Oh, yeah? – It was like, wow… What? – We… – I dont remember. What was it? Yeah, it mightve been… I know what youre saying. It mightve been the… Stupid question thing, right? – Stupid question… – Was it that? No, it was before that. I liked that. Did you always do the dryer part? Did you figure out what bit it was, Ally? – Did you figure out which one? – No, let think about it for a second. All right, well get another one if we need. Dont go crazy guys. Joe, you wanna bless the pizza for us? Yeah, I could do that. I mean, Im qualified.

GABRIEL FLUFFY IGLESIAS@ONE SHOW FITS ALL@2019@[crowd chanting] Fluffy! Fluffy! [Fluffy shouts] Houston! [crowd cheering] [audience] Five, four, three, two, one! [cheering] ? Macho, macho man ? ? Ive got to be a macho man ? ? Macho, macho man ? ? Ive got to be a macho! ? ? Macho, macho man ? ? Ive got to be a macho man ? ? Macho, macho man ? ? Ive got to be a macho! ? How are you? [crowd roars] [Fluffy] Whoo! Oh, man! Thats a long walk. [laughter] Thank you so much, Houston. [crowd cheering] One year ago, this city was flipped upside down by a hurricane, un cabrón named Harvey. [laughter] And they said that this city would never be the same. I think its beautiful that, a year later, were all here celebrating together the fact that this city is resilient. And you guys persevered. Houstons strong, baby. [crowd cheering, applauding] Thats serious. In all sincerity, guys, Im not trying to kiss your ass. I already got your money. [laughter] Freaking Houston. I love this town. Ive been coming here for 20 years. Twenty years. Started off performing at a comedy club called The Last Stop. [cheering] And then, of course, we jumped over to the Improv, and then– I performed everywhere. I even did a one-nighter in Tomball. [laughter] Thats a long story for the people at home. I wont even get into that. I want to give you guys a heads-up and let you know now that tonight I feel extra comfortable. Youre going to notice that you might hear a little bit more Spanish than you normally would. And you cant do that just anywhere, but you can do that in Houston. [cheering and applause] Now, to everyone watching at home who is freaking out, like, Oh, my God! I didnt sign up for this. [laughter] If I say something in Spanish, my promise is to translate immediately so that everyone enjoys the show. Okay? ‘Cause I know the second I said Spanish, people are freaking out, you know. All the people that drove in from the woodlands are like, Hey! [laughter] And for everyone at home, what does he mean by that, the people from the woodlands? You know. [laughter] [South Texas accent] I know he is not referring to us. [laughter] The nerve of him! He needs to go back where he came from, over by Airline Road. [laughter] [cheering] Thats right. I know where you keep your brown people. [laughter] This is awesome. This always pisses off Netflix. Theyre like, Gabriel, we really wish you would just do a show thats general, that everybody understands. Why do you have to make your show so personal? Only people in that city are going to get it. Well, when you have an arena full of people, you want them to get it. You want that extra personal special touch. I dont care what they say. I already got the check. [laughter] Ha! So let me give you a heads-up as to what has happened since the last time I did a special. Um, my son, Frankie, is now 19 years old. Nineteen years old, high school graduate, he has all his shots… Ladies? People tell me all the time. Why do you talk about your son so much? Because he wont leave. [laughter] Does he like it when you talk about him? I said, No, he hates it. Why do you do it? ‘Cause he wont leave. [laughter] Ill tell you what he likes to do right now. He likes to sit around the house and watch videos of other kids playing video games. See, some of you are clapping. I didnt know that was an actual thing. I asked him, What are you doing? Im watching other kids playing video games. I said, Thats– Really? Why? Well, theyre professionals. Im like, Why would you watch something that you could be doing? ‘Cause theyre professionals. Thats dumb. Really, Dad? Every Sunday I see you watching football. [crowd oohs] How come you dont play? I dont even argue. I just cut off the Internet. [laughter] My sons problem right now is that he has, according to him, too many options. Okay? Thats his problem. Im like, Poor guy! I have so many options, Dad. I dont know what to do. Write them down. Put them on a wheel. Freaking– [mimics spinning wheel] Today: plumber. [laughter] Something! The problem is we go places, people find out he is my son and then they offer him opportunities. He doesnt understand that thats not how the real world works. I know about struggling and clawing, and fighting for the opportunity to do something. He doesnt get it yet. And thats my fault. For example, I take him and his mom out to dinner, okay? I took them both to Red Lobster. Now, Houston. Me, personally, I love Red Lobster, okay? And not even for the seafood. Im talking about the biscuits. [cheering] Oh, yeah. [vocalizes] Its real good. [laughter] So were sitting there, and were having a conversation with our son about life, opportunity, what does he want to do with himself… And as were talking to him, the manager from Red Lobster walks over to our table. And hes being really cool, right? Hes like, Hey! And Im like, Hey! He looks at my son, Is this the infamous Frankie? And I say, Why, yes, it is! He just graduated. Congratulations! And hes looking for a job. The manager goes, Oh, say no more. And he gives my son a business card and then he starts to say, Listen, Frankie, this is all you have to do. Just go online and fill out the application. Once its registered, call me personally and Ill see to it that you get an interview. The only position we have available right now is for a host, but theres plenty of room for opportunity here at Red Lobster. Besides, you got one hell of a reference. And then he walked away and I was like, Oh, my God. Im going to get free biscuits! [laughter] My son looks at me and says, I dont want to work at Red Lobster. I said, Frankie, no one is making you work anywhere. This is just another opportunity that youre wasting. Okay. No Red Lobster. Whats your plan? I dont know. I got frustrated. So I raised my voice. Well, you better start thinking. His mom didnt like that. Dont talk to him like that. I said, Look, biscuit blocker… [laughter] See, up to this point we have agreed on how we raise our son. But in this situation, shes trying to protect him from the world. Im trying to prepare him for the world. If he cannot handle me raising my voice to get his attention to see the bigger picture, hes not ready for a world that doesnt care about his feelings. [crowd whooping, applauding] So I said, You know what? I got to have a one-on-one with him. I got to have a one-on-one with, uh– [evil laugh] So I take him out to the movies. I take him out to the movies, we get in the car, we take off. [mimics car engine] A little 20-minute drive, okay? As were driving I figure Ill have a little one-on-one with him. Maybe this way it doesnt feel like a talk talk. I thought he understood what I was trying to say. Its late. Were leaving the movies. Were pulling out of the parking structure and out of the corner of my eye, I see a cop car. And I made a sound, I was like, Ugh! And Frankie goes, What is it, Dad? I say, Theres a cop at the light. What are you worried about? Hes going to stop us. How do you know? Watch. [laughter] I made that left turn… [mimics engine and siren chirping] Frankies losing it. Its happening! I said, Relax. I pull over. [mimics tires screeching] Cop pulls up from behind. [mimics tires screeching] Immediately. [knock-knock] Driver, windows down. [groans] [mimics window whirring down] Driver, hands out the window. Serious? [laughter] Both of them. I cant, Im fat! [laughter] He gets to the window, and hes got the flashlight. And he shines the light right in my face. Hes like, License. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Here. He takes the license and then, of course, you know, Do you know why I stopped you? Officer, no, I dont, but Im sure youre about to tell me. You dont have a front plate on your car. I said, Officer, youre absolutely right. I do not have a front plate on my car, but my name is actually on the front of the car. Excuse me? My name is on the front of the car. I own a 2012 Ford Flex and the Ford Flex has the actual word flex written on the hood. I have a friend who does custom automotive work and he took all the letters off the car except for the letter F, and he made letters so that it spells Fluffy on the hood. Okay? Yeah. -It sounds impressive. -[crowd whooping] You can do it too for like $23. Its not that bad. Theyre like refrigerator magnets. You can even move them. Like, one day a letter flew off and it said Fuffy. [laughter] Que pendejo. I know, stupid, right? So… The officer walks around to the front of the car and he takes his flashlight and he shines the light right on the hood, and he does this, he goes, I knew it! And my son goes, What does that mean? I said, That means we get to go. Oh, Houston, for the first time in a long time, my son was actually impressed by something that I did. You got to figure. This is not impressive to my son. Because he grew up in this environment. Okay, this does– You saw that, right? I saw like a– [laughter] Thats like the third one Ive seen! This stuff keeps– [chuckles] People upstairs from Tomball, Keep talking. [laughter] Alright, Ill tell you guys what happened. Shakira performed here a few days ago. And Shakira has an amazing show, okay? She doesnt just come out and… [ululates] [humming Whenever, Wherever by Shakira] ? Together, together ? [indistinct] [crowd cheering] I think I just hurt myself. [laughter] But theres a part of her show, where all of a sudden it was… [puffing] And theres cannons with confetti that shoot everywhere, right? And I think that was left-over Shakira. [laughter] Can we edit out the part where I burned 800 calories? [laughter] [Fluffy laughs] Oh, my God! So, where was I? Oh! This. Does nothing for my son. and the reason why I say that is because he grew up in this environment. Hes been to a thousand shows. Hes seen me on TV a million times. Its not a big deal, but the fact that I got stopped by a cop and the cop recognized me and geeked out and let us go, I earned street cred with my kid! [laughter] Yeah, Frankie was like, Thats the coolest thing Ive ever seen! And Im like, Hell, yeah, cos. Thats right. You better recognize, player. [laughter] [mimics engine turning over] We get home, he woke up his mom! Mom, you shouldve seen it! We got stopped by the cops! Are you okay? Yeah! They recognized Dad and they let us go. She stayed quiet and I told her, Huh? I got recognized! And she said, Ah! [laughter] So my son, what he likes to do now, like I said, Frankie likes to stay home and watch videos. I come downstairs one morning and hes on his phone, but the chair that hes sitting in is turned, facing the window, which I thought was weird. So I called to him, Frankie, what are you doing? Nothing. So he cant hear– Frankie! He cant hear. So I walked up from behind, and I realized that my son has little headphones. Thats– Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, hes not ignoring me. So I look over his shoulder, and I realize that my son is watching a film. [crowd oohs] And I dont mean Frozen. [laughter] But those people look cold. [laughter] So now Im standing there watching it with him. Im not trying to bond or anything. Im just trying to figure out the conversation I need to have and now were both watching professionals. [laughter] So I grabbed his headphone and I went… Hey, is that a good movie? And he freaked out! [screams] And he threw the phone. The phone came partially undone and you could hear it. Oh, it was bad. Not my face, not my face, not my face. He turned bright red and he starts walking back over. How embarrassing. How long have you been standing there? I said, Long enough to know ‘not my face.' [laughter] Are you going to tell my mom? I said, Frankie, I love you way too much to do that to you. I would never tell your mom. Imma tell everybody else. [laughter] [laughs] Hey, dont tell his mom. [laughter] I said, Look, I know youre not going to stop watching stuff like this. So just do me a favor. Dont do this here. Youre old enough now to watch whatever you want to watch. But as long as you live in this house, you cannot be watching stuff like that where your mom can catch you. Youre not going to stop, so just dont do it here. How do you know Im not gonna stop? ‘Cause I havent stopped. [laughter] Matter of fact, theres a sequel to that. [laughter] Its called Not my hair. He said to me, Que cochino! I know right? [panting] I said, Frankie, youre going to watch stuff like that, just go in your room. Lock your door. I dont want to catch you. Okay, so let me know. Want me to text you? Never mind. [laughter] Im in the middle of trying to deal with this whole situation with my son watching these videos and not going to work, and while Im doing this, I get the most random phone call Ive ever gotten. My publicist calls me up and shes like, Gabe! Snoop Dogg is looking for you. -Excuse me? -Snoop Dogg, you know– I know who Snoop Dogg is! What do you mean, hes looking for me? Well, hes looking– Is he looking for me or is he looking for me? Hes a fan and he wants to interview you. Oh, cool! Sounds good. What is it? I think its some type of podcast. Im in. Can I bring Frankie? Absolutely. Cool. So I hang up the phone. Im excited. I want to tell my son. Im like, Frankie! Im walking towards your room. [laughter] Ill be at your door in three, two, one. Hey! Alright, youre dressed. Good. Come on, lets go. Where are we going? Watch. We get in the car. [mimics engine] And now were off on this adventure to go do an interview with Snoop Dogg. You guys, let me tell you something. We get to the neighborhood and were lost. The GPS says were there, but were lost. Were looking for a house, and theres no house, just a big building. And so Im like, This doesnt look– A podcast? Really? So I pull up to the security gate. [mimics engine, tires screeching] Tap the button on the wall. [beep, line trilling] Security desk. Can I help you? Hey, Security Desk. My name is Gabriel Iglesias. I think Im here to do an interview with Snoop Dogg. Okay, one moment. Oh, okay, this is it. Good, good. Im so excited. Snoop Dogg! Its gonna be cool, right? [laughter] Sir? Yes? Yes, hi, theres no Gilbert Ignazios on file. What? Could it be another name? Another name? I dont know. Fluffy, maybe? [beep] And the gate starts to open. [laughter] Im like, Oh, my God, Im officially in the rappers world because my real name doesnt mean shit! [laughter] So we drive in. [mimics engine] And were passing all of these reserved parking spaces. Reserved, reserved, reserved, reserved. And we get to my space, which is basically an orange cone that has Fluffy handwritten on it. And a bunch of other names crossed off. [laughs] So Frankie moves the cone. I park the car. [vocalizes] We walk into the building. My publicist is waiting for me, right? Shes like, Gabe! You made it. Frankie, how are you? Listen. I just finished talking to Snoop. [sighs] Wow. He is everything you think he is and just a little bit more. He is so sweet. I cannot believe he was charged with double murder. [laughter] He told me to just walk you guys into the studio and hell be right back. He said he had to go outside and get in the right headspace or something… Okay, cool. So she walks us into Snoops studio. Im thinking Im there for a podcast, come to find out its for a TV show. Snoop has a TV show where he interviews celebrities. Everyone in the room is waiting for Snoop to return. You can hear the small talk. [indistinct babbling, giggling] [crowd laughs] All of a sudden, everyone stands up and Im looking around like, Whats going on? And I look at the door to see if Snoops walking in and I dont see him and I could see my son. Dad! [muffled screaming] I dont realize it, but Snoop is entering the room through a different door. I dont realize it till, like, the last second. Im like, What do you– So I jump up, I push in my chair. Im so nervous, I dont know how to address him. So Im like… [laughter] I felt stupid. Hi. [laughter] Snoop walks over to me and hes so cool, you guys. Hes so cool. He walks over to me and he grabs my hand. Hes really strong. He pulls me in and he says, Yo, what it do, baby boo, how you feel? [laughter, applause] Thank you for having me. Yeah. -Can I sit down? -For sure. [mimics chair] I sit down, I look over, I see my son. My sons like… [laughter] The difference between Snoops show versus any other talk show Ive ever done is that usually theres a person, like a producer or a director who comes to you and gives you information, like how the show begins, topics youre going to cover, how you go to commercial, how you come back from commercial… Ive spoken to no one. Snoop just starts talking and at some point, they hit Record. Im waiting for Action! or a buzzer. [mimics buzzer] Something! Snoop just starts talking to me. Yo, what up, big Fluff? Big Fluff? Oh, thats– Hey! [laughter] Yo, you like music? Snoop, I love music. I love your music. Yeah, thats whats up. He opens up a laptop computer and then he hits play. And the next thing I know, we are listening to hardcore Mexican banda music. I mean hardcore. [vocalizing] And you can hear gunshots in the song. [laughter] [humming, mimics gunshots] [humming, mimics gunshots] [humming] And then a cow. [moos] [laughter] And the whole time Snoop is like, I love it when he go moo. [laughter] What? I feel like hes messing with me because Im Mexican, right? So I called him out. I said, Snoop. Do you understand what youre listening to? And he said this, and its scared me. He said, Gangster recognize gangster. [crowd oohs] The reason why it scared me was because he was telling the truth. We were listening to actual Mexican cartel songs that dont play on the radio. And the fact that he knew that, the fact that his level of street knowledge in another language was that on point, I said, I gotta shut the hell up. [laughter] Dont speak unless spoken to. Thats the code. Next thing I know, Snoop reaches under the desk and he pulls out the biggest blunt I have ever seen. [crowd gasps] Oh, this sucker was huge. As soon as he pulled out that freaking blunt, got excited because I wanted to grab my cell phone. Okay, I wanted to grab my cell phone so that I could take a selfie of Snoop in the background being Snoop. So while Im fumbling trying to get my phone, Snoop starts talking to me again. Yo, Big Fluff? Yeah, what? Hit that while I hit this. [laughter] The second I went like that, all of the cameras in the room: red light. Red light. Red light. Red light. Red light. My publicist is like, No! My son is like, Yeah! And now Im being faced, bro. Im being faced with a serious situation, because, you know, Ive talked about friends participating and doing stuff like this, but Ive never openly talked about myself… You know… And now I realized that from this moment forward, people are going to know what happened here with Snoop. So I started trying to find ways to justify it to myself. You know… If youre going to do something like this on camera, you want it to be with Snoop. [laughter] You want it to be with Snoop, Cheech and Chong… [crowd cheering] …or Willie Nelson. [crowd cheering] Next thing I know, the manager hands me a lighter. I light it and I take a big hit. [sucking] So listen, Im doing my best to hold in all this smoke, because I dont want to look like a punk in front of Snoop Dogg. Im trying, Im fighting, bro. Its hard, you know. [holding cough in] [laughter] The whole time Snoop is like, Hell, yeah. Thats what Im saying. Fluffy going puffy today. [laughter] I do not remember the rest of the interview. What I remember is my buddy Anthony telling Snoop Dogg and I to stand up for a picture. Stand up, get up for a picture. And so Snoop and I both stand up to take this picture. I put my arm around him. I have to put my arm around him because hes much taller than me, okay? Snoop has me by at least five inches. Shut up, alright? [laughs] [crowd cheering] You guys are laughing at the wrong jokes! [laughter] [Fluffy laughs] Bow-wow! [laughter] [low-pitched] Bow-wow. Everybodys like, This is a family show! Well, apparently, thats how families are made. That was too funny, sir. That was too funny. Its sad how hard she laughed at that as she looked right at you. [laughter] I said, Snoop has me by at least five inches, and shes like… [shrieks] Almost like she wasnt even laughing at me. She was like laughing at you. So apparently you guys have some story that I just reignited. And now its awkward for all the kids. [laughter] So anyway… Snoop and I are taking photos, and then I can hear my son. Dad! Dad! [gasps] Oh! Um, Snoop, can my son take a photo with you? Yeah. Get over here! And so Frankie runs up, you guys, and hes so cute, because hes geeking out really hard. Hes like… [laughter] Snoop, this is my son, Frankie. Frankie, say hello to Snoop. And Snoop looks at me, and hes so cool, Snoop is like… Yo, this your kid? What up, Baby Fluff? [laughter] And Frankies like… [laughter] I dont like that name. Thats too bad. Get a job, go. Go. So Snoop and Frankie go into the corner to take pictures. Meanwhile, I walk back over to the desk, because I want to grab the sheet that has Snoops name and my name on it. I want to have Snoop autograph it so that I can frame it and put it on my wall. While Im doing that, Frankie walks up from behind me and he whispers in my ear, trying to be all cool. Dad! Dad! Huh? What? What? Dad, would it be okay if I finish smoking that with Snoop? [laughter] Now I am being faced with the biggest moral decision of my life. And Im high. And my mind is racing a thousand miles an hour. Im like, Should I let him, should I not? Am I a good dad, am I a bad dad? Whats his mom gonna think? I need a Snickers. Im just– And then I thought about it. You know… Frankie, youre over 18. Technically, you dont have to ask me if you dont want to, so as far as Im– [laughter] Whered you go? A minute later, I am recording my son in a cloud with Snoop Dogg. [crowd cheering] And then I sent the video to his mom. [laughter] Hashtag biscuit blocker. Yes, I did. [laughter] Now, did this actually happen? Yes, it did. You can go online and watch the video on YouTube. Punch in Snoop Dogg, next to that put Fluffy or Gabriel and you can see the whole thing. Let me know how it turns out. [laughter] The fact that I got to meet Snoop was awesome. He looked for me. But every now and then, I go out and I want to meet people, I want to see cool things. For example, comedy. Im a huge fan of comedy. Not just performing it. But I love going to shows. I go to a comedy show every now and then, alone. Now, I dont know if that sounds weird to you guys, but for me to do anything nowadays by myself… Its my crew. All the people that work for me, they freak out when I go places. Theyre always concerned for my safety. What if someone tries to kidnap you? [laughter] Well, theyre going to earn it. [laughter] I got into a fight with some of my team members and I said, You know what? Im going out. I bought myself a ticket and I went to go watch Chris Rock, one night, in concert. [crowd cheering] Now, I says, You know what? Maybe I can make my way backstage and, I dont know, if I get lucky, maybe Ill say hi to him. Ive always wanted to meet him. So I go to the side of the stage and I run into security. And I said, Hey! He looked at me and said, Fluffy! When he did that, I said, Hey, listen, I forgot my keys, Ill be right back. And the guys like, Yeah, keep going, get your keys. Im like, Oh, my God, that shit worked! [laughter] Just like that, I snuck backstage at a Chris Rock concert. Once I was behind the curtain, I was in my element. I knew where everything was. I knew where the food was, I knew where the dressing rooms were, where the bathrooms were… Im walking around with a soda, people are coming up to me. We didnt know you were going to be here. I got a call last minute. [laughter] Looking for my keys. [laughter] I says, You know what, I got this far. Im going to push it. I want to meet him. Ive always wanted to meet Chris Rock. It was not hard. Once I was back there, I just had to go to the dressing rooms. All I had to do was read the name on the door. Im standing there, in front of the door, and Im hyperventilating. [panting] [mimics knocking] The door opens up and theres this man in there, this bodyguard whos just massive. Im a big guy, but damn, he was huge! As soon as he opened the door… [low-pitched growl] [mimics whooshing] [roaring] For real. Welcome to Jurassic– Big! Grandote. And Im standing there and Im like… Hi. And hes like, Can I help you? Yes, my name is Gabriel, Im a comedian. And I wanted to see if I could say hi to Chris Rock if thats possible. You say you comedian? Yes. Well, then you understand Chris is going over his material right now. He really aint trying to talk to nobody. So Ill tell you what, player, if you want to come by after the show, Youre more than welcome to, but right now its not a good time. Chris Rock is a busy man. [clicks tongue, sighs] [laughter] Can I wave? Excuse me? Can I wave? What you mean? Can I wave to Chris? I dont have to come in. Can I wave? Chris Rock is in the room. He can hear the stupid conversation thats taking place. [laughter] I know this because I can hear Chris Rock in the background. Whats going on? Whos at the door? Move out the way. Yo, Chris, I got this, man. I got this. Move! Alright. The guy stands to the side. And now Im looking at Chris Rock. And he recognized me. And it freaked me out. Oh, yeah, it freaked me out. Hes like, Oh, shit! Look who it is. Look who it is. Its the king of the Mexicans. [laughter] Chris Rock called me the king of the Mexicans. For the rest of the show, everyone referred to me as El Chapo. I was celebrating the fact that I got away with that for so long. For so long! I snuck backstage at Chris Rock! I snuck backstage, I snuck– Until Karma showed up one day, in the form of the most extreme fan I have ever had in 20 years of me being a comedian. I had someone who not only made it backstage. This person paid to get into my dressing room. Okay? Yeah. He didnt pay me, by the way. He didnt pay me. Im an honest hoe. Okay? I made no money that day, alright? If I had gotten paid, you wouldnt be hearing this story. Heres the thing. I walk into my dressing room from the bathroom. I just finished showering up and Im in a towel. I walk into the room, come to find out later that this man was a very wealthy businessman in the community, okay? And when I walked into the room, hes wearing a very, very nice suit. So when I saw the suit, I didnt give it a second thought, because he looked professional. I thought maybe he was the general manager of the building, one of the concert promoters, he could have been someones agent… So when I walked in the room, in my towel, right, Can I help you? He looks at me and it was the most uncomfortable conversation I have ever had. He looks at me and says, Listen. [inhales deeply, exhales] [laughter] I am not here to waste any of your time. Fluffy, I am prepared to take care of you. I will give you a new Lexus. And an allowance thats more than what you make as a comedian. Leave with me. [laughter] I was never more disgusted and offended at the fact that I was not gay. [laughter] Because finally! Finally, somebody wants to take care of me. [cheering, applause] Do you know how many people I take care of? No ones ever offered me a Lexus, and they should. I felt horrible saying no to this guy. I still think about it. [laughter] I still have the number. [laughter] Houston, Im going to tell you something, and I dont know how this is going to go over, but Im going to say it. I would be an amazing gay partner. [laughter] I would! All the way up until that one part, but even then. [laughter] Have you ever driven a Lexus? [laughter] Those are nice! Sometimes you got to take one for your own team. Im just saying. [laughter] Now, in all seriousness, not to be funny, not to be disrespectful, let me tell you the reason why I would be an amazing gay partner. The level, the level of communication between two men is so high, I might actually get an answer. There might be clarity and understanding. I might hear a yes, I might hear a no. Do you know how many relationships I have been in where I still dont know the outcome to certain conversations? [laughter] Very simple yes or no questions. Thats what I would do. Something as simple as… Bebé, you hungry? Well… I havent eaten yet, so I probably should eat something, but Im not feeling it right now. But if I dont eat right now, you know how Im gonna get later. So I guess its probably a good idea if I start eating right now, but it really depends on the options. What do you think? Ah! What about this one? Bebé, where would you like to eat? [laughter] You hear all the guys? Finally! Im not alone! Everybodys pointing at somebody right now. Guys, am I right? This has to be– You would think that this is the safest question in the world to ask, but its not. Well… Just pick something. You know me, I go with the flow. Whatever you decide is okay with me. You know me already, just pick something. Alright, were going to Burger King. I dont like Burger King. Why do we got to go to Burger King? Burger King gives me chorro. [laughter] Chorro is Mexican diarrhea. How about this one? How do you feel? Really? Really? You want to know how I feel? Well, maybe if youd pay attention from time to time, you might know how I feel. You might not need to have to ask me such a question, because you would already know exactly how I feel. You might have time and energy. Im exhausted to let you know how I feel and you have the nerve to ask me ‘How do you feel?' Now imagine the exact same conversation between me and Mr. Lexus. [laughter] Do you know how efficient that conversation would be? Hey, bro! You hungry? I thought youd never ask. What do you want to eat? Whatever you want to eat. Were going to Burger King. I love Whoppers. [laughter] Me, too! We go to Burger King and we tear it up. We get back home and I ask him, Hey, how do you feel? Horny. [laughter] Me, too! How do you want to do this? Heads or tails? [laughter] It would be efficient! [applause] This is hypothetical. But believe me, I still think about it, you know? Especially whenever I get into fights with my girl and she says something like, Oh, you think you can do better? I know I can have a Lexus. [laughter] I dont know, man. I know were in the middle of a Netflix taping. Whoever is running the light up there, just want to make sure, cause I keep moving. And I stepped out of your light twice. Any other show, Id be like, No problem, no big deal. But this is for Netflix. Its the people that replaced Comedy Central. [crowd oohs] But no, Ill try not to move too fast, but how slow are you if you cant keep up with me? [laughter] You should work for Immigration. [laughter] Im just giving you a hard time. Im sorry, Im sorry. Ladies and gen– I apologize for that. Can we give a big round of applause to our person running the spotlight up there? [applause] I honestly dont think that the people that work behind the scenes, like spotlight operators, get enough credit. Whether its spotlight operators, the people that run the cameras, the people that set up the stages, the people that work security, the people that run the building. Without them, there is no show. And the same thing goes with me. I got my own support team: managers, agents, promoters, you know, freaking merchandise people. I have a bus driver named Dave, who has never received any credit. And hes been working for me for almost 10 years now. This man… [cheering and applause] This man has successfully gotten me to every single comedy show on time, without fail. [crowd cheering] If I had to describe him to you, okay? Dave looks like the word ‘Murica. [laughter] Not America. ‘Murica! Hes about six feet tall and hes white. He has a gray beard and he wears a trucker hat. And hes got to be one of the most hardworking people I have ever met. When I say hardworking, Hey, Im on the road 46 weeks out of the year. So I know. The difference is I fly home every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Dave stays on that bus and he gets it to the next city, where we meet him. He works anniversaries, holidays, special moments. Christmas time, I was with my family. Dave was driving that bus on the East Coast. New Years, I was with my family. Dave was on the East Coast driving that bus. One of the hardest working people Ive ever met. I just want to give a shout-out. [applause, cheering] In addition to being hardworking, hes, uh– Hes very honest. When I say honest, I dont mean Oh, he does his taxes right. I mean painfully honest. No-filter honest. He talks the way people used to. He does not have time to mince words. He just calls it like he sees it. Before me, he used to work with a man by the name of Kenny G. Grammy Award winner, amazing, amazing music. Um… one day, Kenny G was on his tour bus that Dave was driving, and I guess the two of them had a little discussion and Kenny G used some words that Dave wouldve rather him not have used. And instead of getting into it with him, this is what Dave does. [mimics engine, tires screeching] [brake hissing, door whooshing] Kicked Kenny G off of his own bus. [laughter] Because he would rather lose his job than lose his self-respect. And thats the man I work with. [cheering, applause] Hes a bad dude. You guys are clapping, but you shouldve seen the interview. Oh, man, it was a good one. [laughs] He looks at me and he says, Hey! Lets get one thing straight. I dont give a shit who you are. You treat me right, Ill treat you right. You pay me on time, youll live. [laughter] Not to mention the fact that he keeps that tour bus squeaky clean. And he takes a lot of pride in that as well. One night, I was drinking on the bus, and I go to put my cup down. And I miss the table, and the cup hit the floor. I didnt get up right away to get the cup, because I figured Ill get up in a couple minutes and make myself another drink, Ill pick up the cup then. Dave sees the cup on the floor, and then he looks at me and says, Hey! I aint your mama. Pick that shit up! [laughter] I get to the back of the bus and Im like, Wait a minute, I pay him. Hey, Dave… Shut up! Yeah, Ill be in the back, in my room. Thank you. Drive safe. And people tell me, You work with a man who talks that way to you? Why? Let me tell you why. Because hes honest. With Dave, you know exactly what you get. Nowadays, its so hard for me to tell whos being genuine and who has an agenda, and with him, you know exactly where you stand. If he likes you, he loves you. And if not, youre on the curb with Kenny G. [laughter] That being said, I have a story to share. [scattered whooping] About a year and a half ago, maybe longer, were on the bus and were heading down the highway. [mimics bus thrumming] Just so you have kind of an understanding of the bus layout. Lets say this is the front. Heres Dave, the driver. Empty seat. And then a sliding door that goes in between him and the rest of the tour bus. My buddy Alfred and I are in the living room portion and were watching TV. Were watching the news, and on the news, theres this person who is running for some type of office. No particular office. [laughter] And I guess their big plan is to erect a structure… [laughter] …between two bodies of land. [laughter] Somewhere. And I guess they want one side of the structure to finance the entire project. Well, my buddy Alfred and I have a lot of family that works in construction and we know a bad job when we see one. So we started to voice our opinion out loud about how we felt about this person and what they wanted to do. Were being very loud. So loud, Dave can hear us and then we hear Dave. [exaggerated laugh] ‘Murica. [laughter] I yell out to Dave, I say, Be quiet, Dave. This isnt about you. He taps a button on the dashboard that activates the sliding door. And when the door is about that far from closing, he yells out, Im building a wall. [thud] [laughter] I couldnt even get upset because I was too much in shock over the fact that that came out of someone four feet away from me. My buddy Alfred and I, we looked like chickens. Were like… [clucking noises] My cell phone goes off. [mimics phone vibrating] I take out my phone and theres a text message. From Dave. [laughter] And I said, Thats right. He better say, ‘Im sorry. He better say, ‘Just kidding.' I open up the text message and it says, And youre paying for it. [laughter, applause] And people tell me, You still work with him after that? Yes, I do. I trust that man with my life every single night. I know where his hearts at. He can say whatever he wants. At the end of the day, he still has to drive around the king of the Mexicans. [laughter] [whooping, applause] The point to this story is just because you have a difference in opinion, it doesnt mean that you cant have respect for one another, you cant have love for one another, that you cant have incredible friendships with one another. Its our differences that make us special. What a lot of us need to work on is our delivery. Its all in the way you say things. Thats why text messages are always misinterpreted. ‘Cause you read the text according to how you feel. What does he mean, ‘Hello? Yeah. Anyway, Dave has gotten us to 48 of the 50 states. He doesnt travel with us outside of America. He prefers it that way. Last year, we got a chance to do a European tour of 15 countries. Estonia, Germany, Norway, Belgium, the Netherlands, UK… Were just bouncing around all over the place. And then we wound up on the other side of the world. Out of all the countries I performed in, my favorite country outside of home is Australia. And Ill tell you why. Australia, much like us in America, has its list of priorities. You know whats not on their list? Political correctness. They do not care about your feelings. Its like a country full of Daves. [laughter] Believe it or not, its very refreshing to be around such a large group of people who speak their minds so freely. And if you know that before you go there, youre going to have an amazing time, but if you dont know that and you show up, it is a culture shock and a half, because I showed up and I didnt know. Everybody says you got to see the beaches and I went to the beach. I had people coming up to me. Hey! Somebody help me get him back in the water. [laughter] Yeah, right there, big fella. Look at you, right there. Oh, wait, hes moving. Hes moving, hes moving. Oh, hes crying! Hes crying! I bet it tastes like gravy. [laughter] Its not bullying if everyone does it. Yeah, that being said, Im in Australia. Sydney, Australia, at the Opera House, for me, was one of the most iconic places Ive ever got to perform in and it was bucket list, definitely. After the show, I want to go hang out with some Aussies see what that was like. Im hanging out at a pub. First things first. Australian people do not drink Fosters beer. Thats an American thing. They dont drink that over there. I tried ordering one to fit in, didnt go over well. Bartender looked at me, You like the taste of piss, do ya? [laughter] Okay, dont order that again. So Im hanging out with these two Aussies and were drinking a rum called Bundaberg. At first glance, it looks like a Coca-Cola bottle because theres a polar bear on the front and then you drink it and youre like, Thats not Coke. [laughter] As were talking, a third Australian joined the conversation, and he sounded a little bit different from the other two. He had more of a raspy voice. More like… [growls indistinctly] He sounded like a drunk pirate underwater. [laughter] These two guys didnt like him, so they called him a name and they left, and now its just me and drunk pirate. Were talking about life. Life in America, life in Australia, talking about our differences. He tells me that hes a professional knife maker. Hes showing me how its done, hes showing me pictures. We wind up polishing off three bottles of this rum. And drunk wasnt even the right word to describe our level. My tour manager Ryan, he comes up to me and he says, Gabe, time to go. And I look at Ryan and Im like, But Ryan, I just made a friend and he makes knives and theyre pretty. My tour manager always knows how to talk to me no matter what condition Im in. If Im drunk, he knows better than to talk to me like Im an adult. He talks to me like Im two. He looks at me and he says, Hey, buddy. [laughter] You hungry? [laughter] Well, listen, if we dont leave right now, theyre gonna close McDonalds and youre going to have to eat at the airport. I gotta go. Alright, mate, you gotta go, you gotta go. No worries. And he goes to shake my hand. And when he shook my hand, he put his personal pocket knife that he made in my hand as a gift. Thats for you, mate. Thanks for being nice. Thank you! Thank you! Ill cut cheeseburgers with this. [laughter] We leave, and we head to the restaurant. [mimics engine] The manager at the restaurant recognized me. Hes a big fan. And he said, Hey, stay as long as you like. Shouldnt have said that. The plan was do the show, go have some drinks, get a bite to eat, go to the hotel, shower up and then go to the airport. We stayed so long at the restaurant, we had to go straight to the airport. So we get there, and you dont sober up in like two hours, after three bottles of rum. I was not in airport condition. [laughter] And so my tour manager has one hand on each shoulder, right? Ryans trying to push me through the airport, and, you know, hes about 190. Im not. [laughter] And hes pushing me with everything. [laughter] And he gets me all the way to airport security. And airport security in Australia, you dont have to take off your shoes, and I didnt worry about taking off a belt because I dont wear a belt, cause I have a butt. So he lines me up with airport security and he tells me, I got to let you go. Dont let me go. I got to let you go. Dont let me go! And then he pushed me, and Im going forward. And he yells out, Youre a plane! and the two-year-old came out. Im a plane! [laughter, applause] And now this Fluffy 747 is headed right for the metal detector, and I can see the security officer on the other side. [laughter] And when I got really close, Ryan yells out, Wings down! Wings down! And I went through and I didnt touch the edges, but when I went through… [beep] -[man in the crowd] The knife. -[crowd gasps] I sobered up for half a second because I realized, Oh, my God, I forgot to check the knife that the guy gave me and its on me and Ive already cleared the freaking… You know… So Im like… The security officer does this. Eh, go ahead. [laughter] Houston, sober me would have internally celebrated the fact that I am not going to prison for sneaking a knife past airport security and boarding a flight. Drunk me was offended. [laughter] Oh, you can ask my buddy, Ryan was right behind me. I looked at the security officer and I said, Hey! Hey! How do you know? How do you know Im not a terrorist? And I can hear my friends in line. Fuck! [laughter] The security officer in uniform, wearing a badge, looks at me and says, Hey, when have you ever seen a fat terrorist? [laughter] Eh, look at him. Hes crying. I bet it tastes like gravy. [laughter] Yeah. -You guys, I gotta tell you– -[man] We love you, Fluffy! What happened, bro? [man] We love you! Do you have a Lexus? [laughter] ‘Cause Im not passing that up again. [laughter] [laughing] Sorry. I just– But thank you. [laughing] Actually, Ive had some pretty awesome times over the last 20 years. And whenever I talk to fans, they have certain questions about my past, whether its my family, my upbringing, where my mom came from, where my dad came from… Certain stories. I love the fact that I had someone ask me one time, In your 20-plus years as a comedian, what has been your greatest moment? My greatest moment wasnt even something that happened at a show, but it was because of what I was able to do for someone very special to me. My mom, who is no longer with us, she meant everything to me. She was my biggest supporter, even though she would never laugh at my jokes. She would get mad at her friends that wouldnt laugh. -¿Pendejo, por que no te ríes? -[laughter] How come you dont laugh? I did something really awesome for my mom before she passed away. I took her to go see a man by the name of Vicente Fernandez. [crowd cheering] In concert. now if youre not familiar with who Vicente Fernandez is, he is basically Mexican Elvis. But hes still alive. [laughter] So a few years ago, Vicente Fernandez and myself were both performing at the same venue, a venue called the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles. It is no longer there. A woman by the name of Emily was running the building. I was there the week before Vicente Fernandez, and after three sold-out shows she comes up to me and says, Gabriel, thank you so much for this incredible business. Were so happy with how the shows turned out. I have a question for you. Is your mom a fan of Vicente Fernandez? I said, Emily, my moms Mexican. [laughter] Its the law. [laughter] I thought so. Listen, Vicente Fernandez is going to be performing here next week. And I wanted to do something very special for you to show my appreciation. Do you think you and your mom would like to come see him perform and Ill get you front-row center? I said, Emily, that sounds amazing. Im pretty sure the answer is yes, but my mom is old school, so I still got to ask. Ill call you. So I get to my moms house, and I see her. Mama. Dime, mi hijo. Mi hijo in Spanish means my son. So my mom would always tell me that, my son, mi hijo. Mi hijo. Dime, mi hijo. Tell me, my son. I said, Mom, would you like to go see Vicente Fernandez in concert? And she looked at me and said, Mi hijo, that sounds nice. Thats exactly how she said it. She was very even-keeled. She wouldnt show a lot of emotion. So I call Emily and I said my moms in. Awesome. Ill see you next week. So we get to the venue and were early, so they have us in this little VIP section where theyre giving us free drinks and free snacks, and my mom was so cute. She walks up to me and she says, Mi hijo, are the drinks free? I said, Mom, yeah, the drinks are free, but dont worry about it. No, no, no, mi hijo, I didnt bring any money. I dont have no money. I said, Mom, you made an ATM. Youre good. [laughter] [cheering, applause] The messed up part is that she didnt even like drinking. She just wanted to walk around with a couple of drinks so shed look like she was part of the party. -[laughter] -You know? So shes got a couple drinks, and as it was, when shed walk around, shed have a little bit of a limp, because she had just had toe surgery a couple months prior. So she had kind of like a little– It looked like she was dancing. [vocalizing] So shes walking around. Here comes Emily. Gabriel, you made it! I go, Yeah, this is my mom. Emily, this is my mom, Esther. Mom, this is Emily. Theyre free! She knows theyre free. She made this happen. Oh, thank you, thank you! Youre the one who hired mi hijo. Gracias. Thank you so much. Emily goes, Can I talk to you for a second? Sure. Mom, Ill be right back. Whats up, Emily? Gabriel, do you think your mom would you like to meet Vicente Fernandez right now? I said, Emily, let me tell you something… [laughter] …if she says no, I want to meet him. [laughter] Ill be right back. Mamá. Dime, mi hijo. Emily wants to know if you would like to meet Vicente Fernandez right now. Mi hijo, that sounds nice. Alright. Emily, shes in. Emily goes, Is she even a fan? I go, Trust me, thats her reaction. Shes good. She has the whole house covered with Vicente Fernandez records and cassettes. Okay? Were good. So Emily comes back. And she puts the special VIP bracelets on us with a little click, and she walks us through a door into the backstage area. As soon as we went through the door, I knew exactly where we were. I was just there a week ago. So I got my mom arm in arm, and were walking down the hallway, okay? Come on, Mama. Lets go. Lets go. Were walking down the hallway, and were getting closer and closer to Vicente Fernandezs dressing room. The door is wide open, and I can hear a commotion coming out of the dressing room. [shrieking] And then a man and a woman exit the room and the man is holding on to the womans shoulders and hes like, Its okay, its okay. Its okay, its okay. And the woman looks destroyed. Okay? [wailing] Mascara is running down her face. My mom sees that and shes like, Mi hijo, did you see that? Did you see the mascara… [shrieks] With the mascara– Parece puta la cabrona. [laughter] Sorry. Puta means friendly. [laughter] So we get by the door, and the closer we get, we start to see a guy in the room. Then he comes to the door. In the room, theres three people, okay? Theres Vicente Fernandez, the photographer and a handler. The handler comes to the door, and you can tell by his voice that he works for like a Mexican radio station, cause hes got that voice. Hola! Hola! Pasale! Pasale! Pasale in Spanish means come on in. So we start to walk into the room. And let me tell you guys something, If you grew up listening to Vicente Fernandez from a young age, and you get the opportunity to meet him, it is seriously a religious experience. My mom and I are entering the room, the only thing missing is the freaking… [imitates cleric speaking Latin] [laughter] You dont look at him. You look at the floor. Out of respect, you just look at the floor. Come on, Ma. We get all the way up to him and I see boots. And when I see the boots, my mom and I both just… [laughter] He knows what youre doing. He knows youre checking him out. So what he does is he poses, okay? Vicente stands there and he poses. Hell have the sombrero, the hat, to his side. And then, he doesnt look at you. He looks away. [laughter] And he sticks his chest out and he stands there looking like a big-ass bottle of Tapatio at Costco. [laughter] [applause] And then he looked at me. [mimics whooshing] And he recognized me. not as a comedian, but because I was there the week before and my photo was hanging outside his door. It was whoever is there last, they always rotate the photo. So he sees me and hes like, Mi hijo, tu eres el muchacho que esta en la foto ahí afuera. Yeah, thats me outside, yeah. Hola! [laughter] Oh. Vicente, Im sorry, Im sorry. Le presento… mi mamá! [laughter] Im like, Oh, my God. I think I just offered up my mom to Vicente Fernandez. [laughter] Shes like 73. Better late than never, Mom, get him! My mom starts walking up to, Vicente. He was so nice. He goes out to shake my moms hand and my mom grabs his hand. And I dont know where she got this strength and energy from, but she grabbed him and pulled him in. Hard, like the video game. Get over here! And then hooked him. She hooked him and she starts screaming into his chest. Mi Chente! Im like, Oh, my God. Shes getting horny. [laughter] And he knew, too! ‘Cause he was like, Quitamela! Quitamela! The photographer, the handler and me. The three of us is what it took to pull her off of Vicente. We sit her down, shes bawling. [wailing] Mascara is running down her face. [laughter] The photographer shaking his head. I guess Vicente had dinner earlier that night. He was eating barbecue, cause they had those wet naps. Barbecue wet naps. And so we take the wet naps and we start cleaning the mascara off my moms face. We stand her up. We posed her and we took the picture. Emily comes over and she takes us and she escorts us to our seats in the front. And for three hours… for three hours, my mom was on her feet listening to him and she refused to sit down. Mom, you should sit down– No, ¿cómo qué? És el Chente. Holding a shot of tequila that she never drank. [laughter] She just– She was– [laughter] Three hours on her feet. Never once sat down. Thats how powerful his music was. [applause] My mom felt no pain for that entire time. And the minute that freaking concert was over, Tan-taran, tan-tan. My feet! Oh, my God, mi hijo, mis pies. Ay, pinche callo. Oh, my God, my feet! Ay! And Im like, Oh, great. So now I gotta drag this living novela to the parking lot. I helped her into the car. My feet! I told you to sit down. You dont sit for Chente. Here comes Emily. Did you guys have a good time? I go, Emily, we had the greatest time. Thank you so much. I got something for you. Oh, whats that? And she hands me an envelope and I open it, and inside the envelope is the picture. She printed it out for me, and when I looked at it I got so choked up because I have never seen my mom so happy in a picture. And its not that she wouldnt smile. She would smile, but it was that one, two, three, cheese. [laughter] But this one was like… [laughter] And what makes it extra special is that its the last photo I have of my mom and she was the happiest. And I know that that moment wouldnt be possible if I did not do this for a living. [applause] So thank you for that. Sorry, now a lot of people are like, We came to laugh… -[mumbling indistinctly in Spanish] -[laughter] Houston, I got to share this story. Twenty years ago, when I started doing this, okay, the fact that were here tonight in an arena doing a comedy special is huge, but everything… Everything has a beginning. The fact that I can travel and I meet so many people, we are your fans, we are your fans, and social media shows over 10 million, everything comes from somewhere. And the fact that tonight I have in the audience my first two fans that ever came out to see one of my shows, I flew them out from Los Angeles to be here tonight. [cheering and applause] Monica, Tony, where you guys at? There you are. Ladies and gentlemen… [crowd cheering] …Monica and Tony Sanchez. When I say they were my first fans, they were my first, they would come out… I used to perform in her garage. And shell tell you. Oh, yeah. Right next to the Ford. [laughter] They were the first ones. They were the first ones to come see me perform at a little dive– hole-in-the-wall inside of a casino in California. And, um… You know, to have met these people so many years ago and theyd come out, she would tell me with her husband, You were so funny, well be back next week. Im like, But its the same 5-minute show. She goes, Youre funny, well bring more people. Well bring more people. She was my first fan club. She would get friends and bring them out to the show. [applause] And she has pictures of me in that garage. I wish you wouldnt put them online, but you do. [laughter] But I just wanted to say thank you, guys, and Im glad you could be here tonight. Twenty years doing this, so I think its only right that tonight we close this show the way that the first one began. [cheering, applause] I get pulled over one night two minutes after coming out of a Krispy Kreme drive-thru. You better still laugh, Houston! I made a left turn instead of making a right turn but I wasnt paying attention cause I had a box, right? I was like, Youre going to get it when you get home, youve been so bad! So bad! [screams] Gonna get it! Im not paying attention, I go the wrong way. [mimics car turning] Sure enough… [mimics siren chirping] Oh! [tires screech] Later. [mumbling] The officer is taking forever. I said, Forget this, hes taking too long. I grab my box, I put it on my lap. I flipped it open. Hmm! [laughs] Hmm… [shrieks] And just as I was about to tear it up, the officer gets to the window. You know why I stopped you? It was too easy. -I said, ‘Cause you could smell it! -[crowd] …could smell it! [cheering and applause] Keep going! [crowd exclaims] -Houston, keep going! -[crowd] Yeah! I should have started the show like this, okay? Um, I bought a Volkswagen Beetle about seven years ago. [crowd cheering] And when you buy a new car, you want to show it off, whether its brand new or just new to you. So I take my car to my friend Martins house. Youve seen Martin. Very real. I pull up. [mimics tires screeching] I yell out the window, -Mar– -[crowd, in unison] Martin! [cheering, applause] [whooping] You dont need me anymore. [laughter] Thats freaking awesome! Thank you. Love you, too. Hold on, hold on. I forgot the joke. Hold on. [laughter] I know how it starts and I know how it ends. Im just not used to starting from the middle. [laughter] Thats what she said. No, just– [laughter] Stop. You deserve better than that. Um… Martin… lives in a bad neighborhood. I dont get out of the car. Across the street from his house live these gang members, the kind of gang members who dont really hurt anybody. They just talk a lot of trash and watch Frozen. [laughter] And I pull up in a Beetle. [mimics tires screeching] [all in unison] Martin! Across the street, I hear… [all in unison] Órale! [cheering and applause] Let me finish! [laughter] -Someone said, Thats what she said. -[laughter] [Fluffy laughs] Hey, hey. [clicks tongue] Ah! I turn around. Hey, whats up, you guys? Hows it going? How did you get in there, ese? Hurry up, Martin! A couple of months go by. I fix up the car. I put racing rims on it, some stickers. I put little chip in the motor to make it go faster. Two hundred and fifty horsepower Volkswagen Beetle. The car is bad. I pull up. [mimics driving, tires screeching] [engine revving] -[horn honking] -[laughter] [all in unison] Martin! [all in unison] Órale! Some of you are drunk. [laughter] This is what I just heard. I heard… Órale! Le! Keep up! I know its Mexicans too. I hear the accent. I hear that– [mumbles indistinctly mocking Mexican accent] Even the white people are like, Hello! Its odalay. [laughter] Get it together. Keep up! -Eh. -[crowd] Eh. [all in unison] Eh. [all in unison] Yoo-hoo! What? [all in unison] Check it out, eh, its the Fat and the Furious! I heard you, Houston! [cheering and applause] I heard you. You guys were saying the joke with me like it was a song. Like it was the Mexican version of Freebird. [laughter] Keep going! [crowd roars] Keep going! [crowd roars] Chills. My son Frankie, when he graduated from high school, I was very, very proud of him and I was very excited. And, uh… For me, it was very emotional, because I was the one that got to take him to school on that last day, and it meant a lot, because you know what? [laughs] I was allowed to leave him anywhere I wanted to. I can leave him in the front. I can leave him on the side. I can put him in the back. I can make him walk. That wasnt the case many years ago, when I was taking him to elementary school. And they had a designated drop-off area on the side of the school, where they had cones in the middle of the street. They had a supervisor there with a walkie-talkie and a whistle to make sure that your kids would get out of the car safely and onto the school grounds. One day were late because the night before I had a big show like this one. And people brought me chocolate cakes. And I took the cakes home and my son killed one of the cakes. And the next day, the cake… [mimics stomach rumbling] …killed Frankie. [laughter] Oh, it was bad. [mimics high-pitched fart] Chorro! Chocomilk! For the non-Mexicans: Yoo-hoo! [laughter] For the non-Mexicans with money: Nestle Quik! [laughter] Same joke. We get to the school. Theres no longer supervisor, no walkie-talkie, no whistle, the gates locked. I said, Im not leaving my kid here. Im going to drop him off in front. And I guess I wasnt supposed to do that and I didnt know, and at the time, I didnt really care. We pull up. [mimics car driving, tires screeching] Go. Im not supposed to get off here. Youre late. Go. [groans] And he cracks the door. And as soon as his foot hits the curb, here comes the principal. And I know who it is, cause hes freaking out, right? Hes like… [whispering] Its the principal! Dude, relax. Im 32, I dont give a damn! [laughter] Here comes the principal and shes doing this one. [high-pitched voice] Sir! Sir! Sir, this is not the designated drop-off area. Please take your child to the other side of the school. You cannot leave him here. I was like, Watch this. Señora, no sé lo que esta diciendo. Aqui estoy dejando a mi hijo. El no se levantó a la mañana. Its not my fault. Yo no sé. Thats how you do it, homeboy. Thats how you do it. That principal was awesome because she was like, [American accent] Usted no puede dejar su hijo aqui. Okay? [American accent] Saca la vuelta al otro lado de la escuela. Okay? [all in unison] Allá, si, si. Aqui, no, no. [all in unison] Allá, si, si. Aqui, no, no. [all in unison] Yo no soy pendeja! [laughter, applause] Monica, Tony. Twenty years ago, when I was in your garage, if you wouldve told me this was going to happen Id have said youre crazy. If you would have told me, Twenty years from now people are going to come out and fill up arenas to see you. Theyre going to cheer for you, and theyre going to finish your jokes… in Houston, Texas. [crowd cheering, applauding] This special is dedicated to both of you and to this city. Thats Houston strong. Thank you very much, and you have a great night! And I hope I keep making you proud. Thank you. [cheering, applause]

SEBASTIAN MANISCALCO@STAY HUNGRY@2019@[instrumental music plays] ? All right ? [screeching] [cheering and applause] Beautiful New York City. [cheering and applause continues] Now, Ive got my father here. [cheering] And hes planning the whole day today. He wanted to do lunch. Hes like, Lets go to the freedom thing. -Take a look at that. -[laughter] Maybe we go to Central Park. I go, Dad, Im– Im playing Radio City tonight. I got shit going on. [laughter] He goes, What, are you too big now? Big shot! [laughter] Youre a biggie, biggie shot. You cant go out to lunch with your father? [laughter] Biggie, biggie shot. [laughter] Came in on Wednesday, and it was… I dont know whats going on on these airplanes. Looks like a farm on the airplane now with the amount of animals coming down the aisle. [laughter] When did this…? Okay. Why– why is it okay to just bring the dog, a parrot. [laughter] You see a couple months ago, at the Newark Airport? Some idiot tried to bring a peacock. [laughter] She had a peacock on her shoulder, walking into the airport, like it was TUMI luggage. I mean, what? [laughter] The thing fell off. Shes trying to gather it. [laughter] When these people leave the house, anybody say anything to them? [laughter] If I left the house with a peacock on my back, someone would come up to me, Where the fuck you going with that? [laughter] You gonna bring it on an airplane? What are you, nuts? [laughter] There was a fight on my airplane. We couldnt even take off. Someone got their ass kicked on the flight. I mean… This is happening on a weekly basis. Just do what youre told. Thats how I grew up. Just do what youre told. Whats with the lip? [laughter] If Im on an airplane and four stormtroopers get on my plane with flak jackets on… that say Security, and they come right to my row and tell me, Hey, youre gonna have to get up… Im up! [laughter] I take my bag, my cup of coffee… I am so sorry. I am so, so sorry. Do I just pick up my voucher here and wait 14 days for the next flight? That sounds totally fair to me. Just dont kick my ass. I am sorry I interrupted everybodys vacation. Let me just make my way off the fuselage. [laughter] What are you gonna do? Fight someone nowadays? This– this is not 20 years ago, where youre at a nightclub and some guy gives you a little… Remember those days, some guy would just kind of lean his shoulder right into your chestplate. [laughter] [mouthing] Come on. [laughter] You want some of this, huh? Hold my cologne. You want to do this? [laughter] Back then you got into a fist fight. Maybe you got a black eye. Maybe. Thats all people knew how to do, was to punch. Now… You dont know what this guy knows with this Mixed Martial Arts. [laughter] This MMA. This guy will end up on your back with his heels into your nuts, choking you out. [laughter] How do you defend that? I mean… [laughter] These MMA guys, thats a different guy. Thats a tough man. They dont punch. Theyll kick– Theyll kick your leg off. [laughter] They train on banana trees. Just kicking down a banana tree. How do you think your legs gonna hold up? [laughter] Could you… Honest to God, could you withstand a strike to the peroneal nerve from a 23-year-old grown man? I cant. [laughter] I cant take nothing. I got up last night at 3:00 in the morning to go take a piss, I stubbed my toe. Down for 58 minutes. [laughter] You ever stub your toe at night? [laughter] You dont even want to look down. Youre like, I know the nail came off. The nail came off and one toe is busted. I just want to take a piss. Ill find the nail in the morning and Ill wipe the blood off the sheets. This is ridiculous. God, the pain. [laughter] You cant fight an MMA guy. Thats a tough guy. Thats a tough life. [laughter] They got a strudel for an ear. What is this… what is that? [laughter] Theres nothing I could do to this guy that hurts more than a strudel hanging off the left side of the cranium. [laughter] Watch how they come into the ring. Theyre just… [laughter] …stretching out their teeth. Oh, my God. If I was his opponent, Im like, This is it. Im gonna die tonight. This guys gonna… kill me. Im not fighting nobody. Im barely working out at this age. Ive been doing the same workout since 89. [laughter] I just go to the gym. Couple biceps, some chest. I start beading, I get the hell out of the gym. [laughter] I aint sweating through clothing. Those days are done. [laughter] Maybe if Im feeling good, Ill hit the treadmill. I did that last week. I got on my treadmill there, and theres eight empty treadmills next to me. So, I put it on 5.0. Now, its not too high. Its not too slow. Its a valet jog. Let me go get your Mercedes. [laughter] Another guy comes right next to me, on the treadmill next to me, right? Eight treadmills, hes gotta pick this one. [laughter] This is the problem with me. I cant pay attention to what Im doing. Im honed in on everyone else. Especially if they get near me, I start looking at what this guy is up to. Im giving him a side view. [laughter] And hes not starting the machine. Im getting bothered. Im like, Guy, start your machine. Youre screwing up what Im doing over here. [laughter] Hes stretching out… on the treadmill. Now, listen. Theres a place for this in the gym. Theres a stretch-out area. Okay, I dont go to the stretch-out area and run around people. [laughter] You dont bring your stretch to the mill. [laughter] So, you ever look at a treadmill? Theyve got a bunch of different compartments. I always wondered… whos using all this storage? [laughter] This is the guy. They built the treadmill for him. This guys emptying his life into these little bins. The change, the iPhone… the wallet, the keys. He brought an iPad. He brought a cinema… to the gym. [laughter] Then he put his little bitch-buds in, right? [laughter] Then he cranked it up to 15. I didnt even know the damn thing went this high. [laughter] The manufacturer said, Yeah, leave it at 15. No ones going to do that. But this guys sprinting. Fast. Do you ever see people on a treadmill? They run fast and hard, like the whole gym could hear them run? Its like… [imitates thudding] Like a sock… is gonna fly off at any minute. [laughter] Then he pulled this one. He just rested on the side, and let the thing… [laughter] Just do what we are doing. Dont do some weird work out that you saw… [laughter] Then he… Ive never seen this before. He had like a water backpack… [laughter] …like, that you would see in the desert. He had a backpack filled with water, and then a tube… [laughter] …that he could just sip. [laughter] Then he dropped it down. Then he pulled this one. He turned towards me. Now he starts side skipping. Oh, my God. [laughter] I cannot run on a treadmill with another grown man looking right at me. [laughter] Doing side skips. [laughter] I came home, I told my wife this story. She dont get it. She dont understand. Shes like, Why do you look at everybody? Just do you. Why do you look at the whole gym? I go, ‘Cause thats what makes me happy. I like to be bothered. [laughter] She says, Come with me. Im gonna spin class tomorrow. I say, Okay, Ill come. Ill come to your spin class. Ive never done this before. But I went to SoulCycle, -whatever it is, right? -[cheering] Yeah, see, everybody gets so hopped up. [laughter] I go to the one in LA, everybodys fake positive. All right? They come into the class, Whats going on? Hows it going? Are we gonna do this today? Okay. Relax. Relax. Its a class. Its a spin class. [laughter] So right away, Im bothered. I go, Babe, I gotta get out of here. I cant– I cant do this. Already Im upset. [laughter] She like, Come on, lets go check in and get our shoes. I said, Shoes? What is this? A bowling alley? [laughter] Everybodys got these special spin shoes. So theyre all walking around… [laughter] Im on Bike 22. Could you tell me where bike… Okay, its over here? Great. [laughter] So, we signed up late. My wife and I did not have bikes together. My wife starts panicking. Shes like, Babe, were not doing this together. Im on the other side of the room. I have to ask the girl next to you. I go, Babe, dont start doing this shit. The girl next to me is already set up. Shes got a water bottle, everythings in place. Do not ask her anything. I go, Babe, were not gonna talk during this. Its a 45-minute class. Were not gonna, like… Im not gonna turn to you and go, ‘Did you pay the gas bill? This is a workout. [laughter] Were not gonna hold hands on the bike. This is not a ride through Central Park. This is a stationary bike. [laughter] So I start to work out. The class didnt even start. I just started on my own thing. I aint waiting. If Im there, lets get the thing going. Im cooking. [laughter] So now the teacher comes in. This guy was way too happy for what was happening in the room. [laughter] Hes one of these, like, real positive teachers. Hes like, All right, everybody. Are you ready? Its a Monday morning. Put your head down. Lets get rid of that mean boss that keeps bitching at you every time you come in. Lets get rid of that debt that you have. Lets shed that cousin that didnt come to the holiday dinner. Im like, Gee, how bad is it in here for these people? Im just here to get rid of the cheesecake I had last night, not the abusive father. What the hell is going on? [laughter] But my wife grew up, like, very athletic… She grew up in a family where they just– they have a lot of time on that side. Theyve got a lot of money… So nobodys doing anything really, you know? [laughter] Everybodys really relaxed. [laughter] Like, when I went over there for the first time, I was meeting my wifes family, and, like, everybody was home. [laughter] Like, on a Tuesday at 2:30. I go, Why is everybody… home? [laughter] Like, no one works over there. They just, you know. Im like, What do your cousins do? I-I dont know, really. I dont, uh, really know what they do. I think… theyre in advertising, but I dont really know what they do. [laughter] Theyre so relaxed. Theyre the type of family that when they graduated college, they took a year off to go find themselves. Do you know people like this? They graduate and they go backpacking through Europe and stay at hostels like theyre broke. [laughter] They go find themselves. That shit dont fly on my side. [laughter] When I graduated college, I couldnt tell my father, Dad, Im gonna go to Europe to go find myself. [laughter] What do you mean, go find yourself? [laughter] I found you, youre right here in my house. Where are you gonna go? [laughter] You want to see you? Go look in the mirror. You got no job and youre in my house. I found you. Youre here. [laughter] My wifes side is like really happy and they encourage things. [laughter] Right? They, like, do retreats as a family. They– they work on their inner self. We work on our inner self. [laughter] They do therapy. My– my family dont do any of this. No therapy, no bettering… Its like, This is it. What are you going to do? Change? This is you. [laughter] No ones popping pills on my side. Nobodys on antidepressants. My fathers like, Ive been depressed for 30 years! [laughter] We just handle our problems in the house. We didnt broadcast our problems. My father was like, Shh, dont tell nobody whats going on in here. Okay? [laughter] Even within our family there was, like, secrets. No one said anything. My grandfather had polio. He had one leg significantly shorter than the other leg. Nobody said nothing. I– Nobody mentioned he had a disease. [laughter] My whole childhood I was just like, Okay, thats the way men from Sicily walk. [laughter] I asked my father one day. I said, Whats wrong with Grandpa? What do you mean whats wrong? Why would you say that about your grandfather? What do you mean whats wrong with him? I dont know,  hes got a two by four nailed to his heel. I-I dont– Ive never seen a shoe like that. I– [laughter] Nobodys saying anything about the mans shoes. [laughter] I dont know. My… My family. My father, my mother, man. They know me back and forth. They can tell if anything is wrong with me, if Im feeling a certain way. My father would walk right in my house, look right in my eyes, Hey, drunk? Fucked up? [laughter] Whats wrong with you. Your eyes. Somethings wrong. [laughter] Hes like upset that I had two drinks. You drink? You drink a little? [laughter] Thats why Im shocked to hear these parents today have no idea what their kids are doing. Right? You hear it on the news all the time. We had no idea. [laughter] Kids in his room with 16 bazookas, 19 grenades. Hes going to school dressed as Darth Vader. You know? Look– look in the room! [laughter] It starts at the house. [cheering and applause] Growing up, my mother lived in my room constantly, just looking for shit. [laughter] My mom knew what I was doing when I was a teenager. She would come downstairs with a towel. She was like, Hey, I found this in your room. [laughter] Youre sick. Youre sick. [laughter] You owe me a whole new set of towels. [laughter] I cant get this out. [laughter] No son of mine is gonna do that in my house. [laughter] My wifes side is so different, man. [laughter] My wife is always happy. Shes– Even when bad things go wrong, shes always with a smile, this woman. She came home… came home last month. She was like, Babe, I dont know what happened, but… [laughter] I was backing out of the parking lot at the mall, and I just sideswiped a cement pylon. [laughs] Its just a graze. Its a small graze. You could probably buff it out or use some Carnauba Wax to just… You know? [laughter] Now, my immediate reaction is to yell. Thats– thats how I grew up. High volume. [laughter] Id come home with a flat tire on my bicycle, and my father would be like, What the fuck is this? [laughter] I dont know! [laughter] I didnt see the nail! [laughter] My wife grew up with a mother that was more forgiving. Accidents happen. [laughter] Just as long as you were not injured, we could always replace it. [laughter] My father was like, Guess whos walking this summer? [laughter] Cant get you nothing nice. [laughter] So now I cant yell– I cant yell at my wife. She does not respond to yelling. Last time I raised my voice, she gave it right back to me. Shes like, I dont know what this is, but you better bring this down, and lets talk like adults and resolve it. Okay, lets just resolve it. I think you need some therapy. You and your father should get in some type of group retreat… for your condition. I dont know. [laughter] So, I cant yell. I got to push it. I got to push this shit deep. I– [laughter] I dont even know who I am anymore. I-I dont even sound like me. [laughter] Im sitting in the kitchen like, Yeah, okay. Its just a graze, then. [laughter] I think I could probably buff it out. If you said its a graze… its a graze. [laughter] Could we go to the driveway to look at what you call a graze is? Because Id love to… [laughter] …know in your head what you think that is. [laughter] Shes like, Yeah, no, Ill show you. So both of us go out to the driveway. Im like, We need a new door! [laughter] [mouthing] Im sorry. Im sorry. Its me. Its me. Wow. My wife doesnt know whats involved in an accident. Thats my assignment now. Thats six weeks now that I had to deal with this headache. Calling the insurance, telling them, Listen, dont spike up the… Its a graze. Here, I– [laughter] Ive got to go rent a car, sign my life away on 123 pages for a Nissan Altima. [laughter] I gotta go to a body shop. You ever go there? Man, theyre waiting for you to pull in. What are you gonna do, fix it at your garage? You do body work? I know nobody that does this. Ive got to go in. You go to a body shop, everybody comes out, the whole– the whole garage. [laughter] When you pull in, they have a guy thats like, Hey, we got one Lets take a look at it. [laughter] And they swarm the car. They just… I thought I was in a Cirque du Soleil show. They were… [laughter] Then they call out the head guy, hes the best actor they got. [laughter] Frankie, you want to take a look at this? [laughter] As soon as he sees the car, hes like, Whoa. [laughter] What, did you get sideswiped by a semi? [laughter] I said, No, my wife calls this a graze. She says– She says you could get it out with some Carnauba wax. I cant open the door, but she says this is a nine-dollar job. with some Carnauba wax. I cant yell or scream at the house. I have to suppress all my emotion and feeling into my feet, and I dont know who I am anymore, but she just says its a graze. Uh, I dont understand why she didnt see anything. We have sensors and a camera in the vehicle. But, of course, I couldnt mention that in the heat of the moment or Id be sleeping outside on the lawn. So, if you could just get out your wax and buff that out, that would be fantastic. [laughter] [cheering and applause] So this guy knows hes got me. [laughter] He goes into his whole spiel. They always get on one knee. I dont like when they– they do the one-knee job. [laughter] And then they start talking to themselves, What the heck? Thats a shame. Thats a shame. [laughter] See, if you would have got hit an inch… [laughter] An inch here… I could have buffed it out. But… [laughter] since your wife hit it where she hit it, Ive got to remove the quarter panel, Ive got to take out the trunk, remove the seats, the engines got to go… What? [laughter] Hey, Im just spitballing here, but 20, 21 grand. I– Dont quote me on that, I havent removed anything, but… thats what Im guessing from the start. Its just different. And now we got a little baby. Shes gonna be one in four days. [cheering] Five days. [applause] A little daughter at home. Its hard to combine these two different bring-ups. Right? Because my wife has got one view on the world, Ive got another. Now weve got to give this… to this little baby. Right? She dont know what the hells in store for her. [laughter] When my wife first got pregnant, everybody was asking us, Are you gonna take photographs of the belly… [laughter] …and do an announcement? Like, ‘Were pregnant. [laughter] Put it on Facebook… Are you guys gonna do that? [laughter] I said, No, were just gonna tell people. This is it, shes pregnant. [laughter] You see these guys on these pregnancy announcements? The husbands on his knee, kissing the belly. [laughter] Everybodys living their life through Facebook. Videos… Youre gonna see it soon. Wedding season is just around the corner. Youre gonna see wedding videos from the wedding… of this choreographed dance that the groom and the groomsmen… Have you– have you seen this? Like, the groom is dancing with the bride, and then, all of a sudden, the lights go up. And then the brides like, Whats going on? [laughter] Oh, my God. And nine of the groomsmen come out and do a 12 minute… [laughter] …choreographed routine. I– I got married five years ago. I couldnt get my groomsmen to go get their tuxedos fitted. [laughter] Let alone come to my house and rehearse. [laughter] Everybodys got something, though. Everybodys trying to teach you something on Facebook. Theres always a video, a Do It Yourself video, or a life hack. Some guy, 53-year-old guy. Hes got his own channel, hes in his bathroom with a camera. [laughter] Once a week he comes out with an episode: Whats up, guys? Welcome to Jims Corner. [laughter] Today, Im gonna teach you how to get that last amount of toothpaste out of your toothpaste tube. [laughter] Simply take a womans barrette, attach it to the end of the tube. Now, what you want to do is move the toothpaste near the aperture. Some air is gonna build up in the tube. Take the scissors and let out the… Go buy another tube, Jim. [laughter] What are you doing in your bathroom… with a bottle of Crest? [laughter] So my wife had a nice pregnancy, but when we went to the hospital… I got a little disappointed with the customer service at the ho… We went to the delivery room. I thought this thing was gonna be packed in the delivery room. Sold out. Doctors, nurses, specialists, some interns. Nothing. Its me, a nurse, and the doctor. And my wife starts going into labor. I go, Wait, where is everybody? [laughter] And the doctors like, This is it! Grab a foot. [laughter] I said, With all the money were paying, we dont got a… foot guy? [laughter] I thought I was gonna be up here… for emotional support, rubbing the hair, not in the back with a heel. [laughter] I thought I was gonna make my wife laugh throughout the whole… labor thing. I had– I had a whole set planned. [laughter] Weve been together nine years. I was planning on doing it, you know, from the first date. Soon as the contractions hit, I went right into the set. Im like, Babe, you remember when we first went… She was like, Dont fucking look at me. Okay. [laughter] No one tells you anything. I dont even have anything on. Nobody gave me like a smock, a hat, a mask. I was in there in a T-shirt and jeans. And I didnt even know if I was gonna look. But its hard not to. My wifes Jewish. Right? So the baby starts coming out. I saw the head. I saw jet black hair. Im like, Babe, I think the Italian penetrated the Jew. I think– [laughter] I think we got an Italian Catholic baby. A little ear came out. Thats when I lost it. As soon as I saw my daughters ear come out, Im like, Babe, I cant believe it. This is unbelievable. And then more head started to come. And then more head. Now Im like, What the hell… is wrong… [laughter] …with the head? [laughter] Nobody told me it comes out like a football. So Im… [laughter] My wifes like, Is she cute? Im like, Shes gonna have some problems in school with the other kids. [laughter] Did you save the receipts for the hats that we bought? Theyre not gonna fit on this cone. Its all fucked up down here. I dont know whats going on. Nobody told us. [laughter] And its– its unbelievable to see the actual birth, because they bring the baby out, they bring it out, and then no one told me a bunch of other stuff… [laughter] Just– I got hit in the head with placenta. [laughter] Now were in a state of euphoria. Im like, Babe, I cant believe it! Weve got a daughter, babe! Shes like, Go look at her. So I go to look at her, right, and the doctor is like, You want to cut the umbilical cord? Im like, Again, nobody to do this? [laughter] Isnt this an important job? And Im gonna do it with placenta dripping into my eyeball? I mean, it looks like calamari, it shouldnt be an issue, but… [laughter] Nobody could do this? [laughter] So then they take the baby back to my wife, and right away, my baby starts breastfeeding, and my wife starts producing milk, right? The other nipple is just shooting… whole milk on the other side of my face. I got placenta, I got milk, I felt like I came out of the canal. Im– [laughter] Now, theres a moment that you dont even feel like youre involved, because the babys in on the mother… Ive got nothing to offer. [laughter] You know? But it hits me, Im a father. I got responsibility now. We go back to the recovery room and people start coming in, like nurses, and heres where all the people start coming in. Now, I feel a sense that I have to protect. I feel like a lion in the Serengeti. [laughter] Shedding off predators. [laughter] First woman comes in, shes like, Hi, congratulations. Im here to test your daughters hearing. And my wifes like, Oh, yeah, come on in. I said, What are you talking about, hearing? Shes two hours old. What is my daughter gonna do? [laughter] Oh, yeah. [laughter] [mouthing] Wow. Thats loud. Can you turn it down? Turn it down. Turn it down. [laughter] Thank you. Im always very skeptical about what people want, right? Another woman came in, had a big screen TV. Shes like, We took some beautiful photographs of your daughter, Serafina. Now, for $29.95, you get a glossy 8×10 with a flash drive. I said, Listen, could you send a link or something? Were in no condition to be looking at photos. My– my wifes nipples are bleeding and black tar is coming out of her vagina. Could you come back? I mean, is this the right time? [laughter] Were gonna need some towels over here and a mop shortly. Because what Im looking at looks damaged, and I dont know if we could have a second child based on what Im looking at. You got a block of ice she could rest this on? [laughter] Well look at the pictures next month, but this dont look normal. [laughter] My wife looks like somebody threw her out of an airplane. What? [laughter] Now, I was dealing with the whole, you know, we got a Jewish baby. My side– my side was like, What are you gonna do? [laughter] How are you gonna raise the baby? What are you gonna do? No Christmas? Youre not gonna have a tree? [laughter] A lot of people deal with this, Well, you know, her family is more religious than us. [laughter] So, Im trying to figure out how I could appease my family. Okay? So, here the woman comes in for the bath. Shes like, Were here… to have your daughter, Serafina, for her first bath. I said, Oh, okay. I go, Babe, were gonna go. She goes, Oh, no, no, no. One parent. Only one parent. I said, Okay. Babe, take care of the tar, let me go find out… [laughter] …whats happening with bath time. Now, I thought there was gonna be a beautiful porcelain tub. Some candles, dimly-lit, a little Kenny G playing. [laughter] And then it hit me. I was gonna try and sneak a baptism… into the bath. [laughter] I figure if I went to the death floor and found a priest giving last rites, Ill ask him, Do you want to come up to Five and baptize the Jewish baby so my mother and father get off my back? [laughter] So, now we take the baby home. Nobody tells you nothing. Were just gonna figure it out. One month in, baby starts crying. Its a cry weve never heard before. And we do everything as a duet, me and my wife. If the babys crying, we get up as a… Feed, we feed together. Everything is a duet. This is not how my father and mother worked it. [laughter] If I was crying, my father, Go get it! I gotta work! [laughter] Do you want to kiss the ba…? I dont want to kiss it! I gotta go to work! [laughter] But now, 2018, everythings a couple. We share the duties. [laughter] So, my wife checks the baby. Shes like, She got a stuffed up nose. Now, babies cant blow their own nose. I didnt know this. [laughter] I thought they just… [sneezes] and then, you know… sneeze and shit came out. Im like, I didnt know that we had to assist in this. My wife gives me this apparatus. Its like a bullet you put in the nostril and theres a hose attached, and youre at the other end. And I go, Babe, you want me to… You want me to suck the snot out of her nose and then swallow that? Ill do it, if thats what this requires, but shouldnt we read the box or Google it? I– [laughter] So, here I am, 3:00 a.m., in my underwear… [laughter] …with the tube up my daughter… [sucking] [laughter] My wifes like, Whats wrong? She goes, Theres supposed to be a filter. I go, Theres no filter. I-I got it… [laughter] I got it right here. I got it right here. [laughter] Like, who would have known that this would have been it. I mean… I was going back to bed with my wife. I go, Nine years ago, if I had told you I was gonna be sucking snot out of our daughters nose in my underwear, with my left nut hanging out, would you… have still done it? [laughter] My wife loves to dress my daughter up. Man, the outfits. I like a onesie. [laughter] Its easy. Lay the baby in the onesie, tuck the feet in… [laughter] My wife, shes putting everything… Shes putting skirts, nylons… Babushka. [laughter] You ever dress a baby? My wife told me, Could you dress her? Im gonna shower. I said, Yeah, no problem. Shes like, The clothes are out on the– on the couch. You could dress her. So as soon as I see the outfit, I get nervous. Did you ever dress an infant? They have no core. So, its… [laughter] Its all good. Its all good, though. Cant do a lot, though. I mean… My wife loves to do, like, um… Scuba diving, thats her big thing. Loves to scuba dive. And I dont do anything where theres like a safety briefing prior to the activity. [laughter] I dont want to do anything out of my wheelhouse. First of all, I dont even know how to swim. I missed that whole thing growing up. [laughter] My grandparents watched us during the week. Now, I had grandparents that lived 52 years in the United States. Not one word of English, nothing. [laughter] And I didnt speak Italian, so when they watched me, there was a lot of charades, there was a lot of… [laughter] Just a lot of guessing. I just– I just knew they were upset about their health and the way they were feeling. [laughter] My grandfather never finished a sentence. He would bust out of the bathroom, and he looked right at me and goes… [speaks indistinctly] [laughter] Im sorry, Grandpa. What did you– What did you say? [speaks indistinctly in Italian] [laughter] What? [speaks indistinctly in Italian] …piss on the floor. The floor… To the right… to the left… [speaks indistinctly in Italian] [laughter] So, were not going to swim class today, Grandpa? I-I-I dont understand. [laughter] Because we need a letter that states why we did not attend, and from what Im gathering, your dick is crooked and youre pissing all over the floor. I dont even know if theyre gonna accept that excuse on a pizzeria napkin that I wrote because you dont know the language. [laughter] My grandmother had arthritis everywhere, the poor woman. She could barely walk. You could hear her walk from the refrigerator to the sink. From across the house you would hear… [speaks indistinctly in Italian] [laughter] [cheering and applause] So now… I dont know how to swim. [laughter] I didnt grow up with this type of environment like a lot of American families, you know. When– when the school sent something home, your parents signed it, and that gave you permission to do the field trip or whatever. Right? That didnt happen in my house. I would come to the school and my whole class wasnt there. They went to Washington DC… [laughter] …to look at the White House. Im like, Where is everybody? [laughter] Theyre like, Your parents never handed in the permission slip. So… …you, Javier, and Athenos… [laughter] …are gonna be in the lunch room for three days… [laughter] …writing a paper about how immigrant parents dont sign permission slips. [laughter] Sorry. I dont want to scuba dive. I think somethings gonna happen if I do that. Right? Im fearful. If I jump in… …somethings gonna go wrong that theyve never seen on the boat before. [laughter] Theres gonna be something… [popping sound] Oh, my God. Tony, have we got another hose? No. I thought you brought it. No, I didnt bring it. And Im gonna be 400 feet. [laughter] Bring me up! [laughter] Im bleeding out of my ears. I knew I shouldnt have done it. [laughter] My wife grew up in Florida. You know, she grew up on the ocean. So she wants to, like, jet ski or waverun. We rented a WaveRunner once. We just– we got one. She drove and I sat in the bitch seat. [laughter] Then a guy comes out, and Ive got to listen to the guys instructions. My wife dont listen, shes got no attention span. Ive got to hone in on the guy. The guys like, Heres your life vest, man. Put that on. I said, Listen, youve got to put it on. I cant put this on. Im gonna put it on, Im gonna miss a buckle. The shits gonna fly off. Youve got to do it. [laughter] Hes like, Heres your mouthpiece. Im like, Oh, my God, we could lose our teeth? [laughter] I look at my wife, shes got nothing on. I said, Put on your mouthpiece! [laughter] Put on your mouthpiece. Put on your mouthpiece. We could lose our teeth on this. [laughter] So theres four other people that rented WaveRunners. Now the guys got to come out and give us the whole spiel. Hes like, All right, listen, theres– theres orange buoys all over the ocean. Its giving you the perimeter of where you can and cannot go. Now, on the southeast side of the ocean, we spotted some sharks earlier this morning. Stay away from the southeast side. Now, me, I dont know southeast. North… I dont know any of that shit. If you told me right now, what way… I have no idea. I dont know the compass. [laughter] And I dont ask, too. If I dont know something, I dont ask. If were in mixed company, I just– I just ask my wife. -You know where southeast is? -No. Okay, were gonna get eaten by sharks tonight. Okay? Lets go. Were gonna get eaten by sharks because I dont want to ask the guy, embarrass myself in front of eight people I dont know because I didnt pay attention in fifth grade. [laughter] This guys in the middle of his speech. Hes like, All right, on the north side… And my wife guns it. She dont even listen. Shes like… Im like, Oh, my God, babe. Go back. Go back. [laughter] Its rough water, babe. Go back. Slow down, babe. Im paralyzed, babe. I cant feel nothing. [laughter] My shoulders are numb, my fingertips. I cant… I cant feel nothing, babe. Go back. Im bleeding, babe, out of my mouth. I– The blood is pooling in my mouthpiece. [laughter] My dicks in your ass, babe. Get it out. This is– This is a family-friendly beach. [laughter] Its a family-friendly beach, babe. [laughter] She just doesnt know. [laughs] Now… We spent some time at the beach. By the time we left, it was dark. ‘Cause we hit a friends house on the way home. And we were in my wifes car. My wifes car never got gas. [laughter] Every time I get in, I go, What the f… [laughter] -I go, I gotta get– -We can make it. No, weve got four miles left. Weve got 28 to go. Just do the math. [laughter] We had to pull over at night at a gas station. My biggest fear, getting murdered… [laughter] …at a gas station, pumping gas. Because we all have our gas stations that we go to. Its your primary one. You go there and thats your one. But when you go… out of your neighborhood and you got to pull into some weird one at midnight. Like, when you leave here tonight, if youre low on gas, you pull into a weird neighborhood you dont know, youve got to be on high alert. [laughter] As soon as you get out of the car, youve got to… ask yourself wheres the murder coming from tonight. [laughter] You never give yourself a full tank at night. You give yourself just enough. Two dollars, couple squirts… Lets keep this thing going. [laughter] Now, this one we pulled in… the credit card machine didnt work. So, now Ive got to go in that… that death hut. [laughter] That little mini-mart. You ever go into a mini-mart at midnight? Its a pit stop for criminals. [laughter] They– they commit crime, and then they stop off to grab a Slurpee… [laughter] …on their way home. [laughter] So, my wifes in the car. She has no idea the scenario I have created outside the vehicle. [laughter] Now, through the open window, I said to my wife, Hey. Listen up. [laughter] Dial 911 on that phone. Put your thumb on ‘Send. Hop in the drivers seat. Roll all the windows down. If you see me sprint out of the mini-mart, gun it, and Ill dive in the car. Shes like, Oh, my God. Whats…? [laughter] Whats going on? I said, ‘Im going in the mini-mart. [laughter] Its midnight. I could get murdered at any minute out here and youre playing Words with Friends? Shut it down. [laughter] You ever approach that– that thing? You dont even know if its open half of the time. You get out of the car and you stop in your tracks. Youre like, Is this place open? Youre just looking for a head, something. Somebody taking a Dorito bag, any sign of life in there. [laughter] Then you open the door. Youre sometimes even surprised it opened. [laughter] The floor is always wet. Why is the floor drenched at a gas station at midnight? Are they mopping up from the last murder? Why… [laughter] …is it wet? [laughter] Now, I walk in, right? Stand in line, looking around. For those of you who do Krav Maga, its called situational awareness. You look at everything in front of you, trying to figure out whats happening. Nonverbals. Theres always a guy by the Gatorades, just kind of looking at a Gatorade. [laughter] Im waiting for him to just reload. [laughter] Im not getting murdered… at a gas station. I keep to myself. [laughter] I was at home a couple months ago, talking to my father about, like, all this stuff, right? And my father had a bunch of mail on the table. Seventy-two years old, the US Mail becomes the focal point of my fathers day. Just everything in just stacks. You ever look at your parents mail? I looked at one piece of mail. It said his name. It said, Salvatore None Maniscalco. I said, Dad, what is this? He goes, Yeah, on the application, they asked me for my middle name. I put ‘None. [laughter] What? [laughter] What did you do? [laughter] He wanted to come over and help me with the… there was a construction job, right? But my dad doesnt know, you know, I got like a contractor that I got doing this stuff. Hes like, Ill come and help you. I go, Dad, thats all right, you know. You forget, youre 72. What are you gonna do? I wish I– I wish I knew how to do it. Theres guys in here that know how to build. Ive got buddies like this. They build, like, a deck on the weekend. [laughter] You go to their house and theyre always like: -You want to see the deck I built? -You built a deck? When? Today. Today? I took a nap. You built a whole deck? [laughter] You know guys like this, flatbed F-150? [laughter] Sawdust. Got a shed in the back. Out of wood. I dont– I dont do any of this. I gotta hire– I gotta hire a contractor. And this guy could tell me anything, Id believe him. Every morning he comes down, its a different thing. Hes like, Sebastian, can I talk to you for a second? In my 38 years of contracting, Ive never seen anything like this. [laughter] The wall, see? Its a wall. The wall. Theres– Theres a bend in the wall. Come on. Feel it, feel the bend. Like an idiot, Im like, Okay, Ill feel the bend. [laughter] -I dont really feel it. -Well, its there. We can leave it. Its entirely up to you. We can leave this wall as is. But when youre watching the game on Sunday, the house could fall down on your family. [laughter] You tell me. [laughter] You ever get a contractor to work at your house? Theyll do the job… They start it, they get a bigger job. Now they pull their whole crew, they work the bigger job, bigger money. Now, youre sitting there. Nobody. I got no floor, no ceiling. Nothing. [laughter] They send one guy. After five days, one guy comes strolling in. Relaxed, right? He comes strolling in. Hey. -So, where is everybody? -I dont know. Im here to sweep from side to side. [laughter] Dan told me theres a lot of dust. I got to sweep it. [laughter] Ive got– Ive no floor. I– [laughter] What are you guys gonna do here with the floor? Oh, with the floor? He told me… [mutters indistinctly] [laughter] He told me hes gonna put the chingadera on the side… the chingadera. [laughter] What do you know? I go, Chingadera, Ive never even seen that… [laughter] …in the architectural drawing. I dont know what youre talking about. No, he told me to put the chingadera on the side and tighten it. You know? But I dont have it, cause I dont got my truck, I got my Ford Festiva. You– You got to go to Home Depot. Eh… [laughter] You gotta go to Home Depot. [laughter] You ever go to Home Depot? Man, that store… I dont– I dont fit in. I dont even have the wardrobe to walk in there. Thats a lot of brown, beige, boots. Pencil tucked behind the ear, tape measures hanging… Everybodys measuring… at Home Depot. [laughter] How much you need? A quarter-eighth of an inch? [laughter] I dont know nothing over there. I gotta ask questions. I found a woman that worked there. Im like, Im so sorry, sweetheart, to bother you, but, uh, Ive been here for two hours. Im, uh… Im looking for a chingadera for the side. [laughter] No, he told me it was a chingadera for the side. You dont have that here? You guys have been great. This has been… [cheering and applause] …one fantastic evening. Thank you so… so much, New York City. Thank you up there… in the three tiers. Thank you. [instrumental music plays]

JOE LIST@I HATE MYSELF@2020@[Emcee] Ladies and gentlemen, Joe List. [audience applauds and cheers] Thank you. [audience applauds and cheers] Thank you. That was way too much. I feel like, I feel like everyones aware that that was too much. There was definitely a moment where collectively everyone was like, I think were overdoing it, a little bit. Appreciate it. That was nice. Some of you, I felt like that was more about you than it was me. To be honest, I felt like a couple of you were like, Im gonna be the guy, Im gonna, youre gonna hear me. At least four of you are like, I cant wait to watch this. ‘Cause Im gonna point out my voice, going hey! Thats fair. Good to be here in New York. I said that like I am visiting, I live here. Its nice to live here. I travel all the time, every week. I hate flying, I get very anxious when I fly. Im not afraid of a crash. Im afraid of a conversation. Thats what I hate about flying. I was on a plane the other day, the guy next to me, was like, what do you do? And I was like, I mind my own business on airplanes. First of all, youre sitting too close together to have a conversation. The guys shouldnt make eye contact. Were just staring at each other from this distance. Im like, I could kiss you without using a neck muscle. Thats how close you are. [audience laughs] I was on a plane the other day. The guy next to me was eating a lollipop. Dont you think thats an inappropriate airplane food, a lollipop. Its too noisy, hes like. [slurps] I was like, sir, youre turning me on. Could you relax a little bit? They dont even sell lollipops at the airport. Thats a from home lollipop. That guy got a lollipop. Hes like, Im gonna hold on to this until I fly. I wanna make sure I have that three inches from somebodys ear. I dont even know where you get a lollipop, by the way, outside of a bank and a doctors office, they dont sell them, do they? If you gave me $10 right now and you were like, go get me a lollipop. I would come back a week from now with my shirt torn and be like, I couldnt do it. I dont know. I hate everybody on every plane. We all hate each other though. Thats not exclusive to me. We all hate each other. You know, everyone hates each other on the airplane. ‘Cause as youre boarding the airplane, everyone just stares at you, dead in the face. angrily, the whole flights, just. Thats the only time as a society were not looking at our phone. Everyones like, lets put our phones away and look upset at everybody else on this airplane. I hate it, but I do it too. Im just as guilty. As soon as I sit down, Im like this fucking idiot getting on the plane. What! [audience laughs] Back there. It doesnt matter where are on the plane. You feel better than everybody behind you, dont you? You can be in the second to last row. This one guy behind, youre like what a fucking idiot back there. Embarrassing, loser. Last row. I was on a plane the other day. I hated the guy behind me. He kept yawning out loud, the whole flight. Am I a psycho or is that annoying? The whole flight hes like. [yawns] For like five hours. [yawns] I wanted him to die, I swear to God. I was like, hope this guy passes away on the flight. First of all, you dont need to make a noise when you yawn. Thats a decision, hes deciding to do that. Its like, if you were hungry on a plane, you were like, Im hungry. Well youre all right? Yeah, yeah Im hungry. I like to let people know when Im hungry. I think its important for people to know that. People who yawn out loud, they want attention. Thats why theyre doing it. They want you to be like, Oh, my God, are you tired? And theyre like, I am, heres my entire life story. of how I came to be tired. Dont fall for it, its a trap. Plus isnt it fun to not ask somebody a question when they really want you to ask them a question? You ever do that when someone was like, I had a wild night last night. and then youre like, Neat. And then you just walked away. Thats like one of my favorite things to do. Just tell me your shitty story. Dont make me ask for it. I flew recently, I was at the airport, La Guardia airport, here in New York, thats my home airport. I was walking through the terminal. They were playing Welcome To The Jungle by Guns N Roses at the airport. Thats a weird airport song. Im a rock and roll guy. I love Guns N Roses, Im cool. But its a little much at the airport. Im walking to the terminal. I just hear like. Du du du du du du du, aah! Im like hey, can we cool it down a little bit? Its 7:30 AM. Im eating a muffin, looking for an outlet. I dont think we need to rock this hard. Also its a little unnerving to be boarding a flight. And hear, Youre gonna die! [audience laughs] Im like, shit, am I? If they play Knocking On Heavens Door next, Ive never flying again, Ill take the bus. I do fly every week though. Pretty much literally every week. I get upgraded a lot. Thats the nice thing about flying all the time. I got upgraded recently, my wife and I, both of us, like we have two tickets in first class, but theyre not together. Wed have to separate you. Is that okay? And I was like a 100%. I feel like that wont to hurt your feelings. I love my wife, Im joking. I love my wife, you gotta take first-class, if you can get it. Theyre gonna be like, weve two tickets in first class but you have to get divorced to have them. I would be like, baby, we had a great ride. I loved it, come on lets get comfy. It was cross country, first class though. Thats the real deal shit. Thats where your seat turns into a bed. It is weird to get separated from your wife on one of those. ‘Cause they put me with like a random fat guy. I dont wanna make fun of him for being fat cause some of you are fat, but he was so fat. He was coming into my seat. Like we were flushed shoulder to shoulder and then we slowly ease back into bed together. And then we chose the same movie and I was like, this is the most romantic date Ive ever been on. Im like, if this guy makes a move, Ill bang them right here, I dont give a shit. We got blankets, turbulence When Harry met Sally is on, its nice you know. At one point on the flight I got up, I looked over, my wife had her own guy that she was in bed with. And then he was like the hottest guy in the plane. And that pissed me off. ‘Cause I was like, I want that guy, switch guys! You take this piece of shit. I want the hot guy, I paid for these tickets. I like watching movies on the plane. We all do that right? I like Delta, I fly Delta. Delta is the best airline. They have the best movies on Delta. I dont know who categorizes the movies at Delta. I dont think theyre doing a great job. I was on a flight the other day. I went to the classic section and The Hangover Part Two was under classics. I swear to God, it was To Kill A Mockingbird. Its A Wonderful Life. And The Hangover Part Two. Classic. I remember the first time I saw The Hangover Part Two my grandfather showed it to me. It was on Turner Classic Movies and we watched it on his black and white TV. Really bonded. That wasnt the most egregious though. The most ridiculous one I went to. This is true, you can check my Instagram account. I went to documentary and the movie A Quiet Place was under documentaries. I dont know if you remember that movie. That was a summer blockbuster horror movie where monsters kill you if you make a sound. Somebody at Delta watched that movie and was like, this is an amazing documentary. Holy shit. How did I not read about this in the papers? Im glad somebody documented this. Ill tell you what I like to do though. I bet a lot of you guys do this. I like to download a movie, bring a laptop on the flight, download a movie. Then you can just choose any movie you want, but you can use, you gotta use some discretion cause everyone around you can see the movie youre watching. So you dont wanna get too weird with it. Like, one time I brought the movie Casino. You guys all remember that movie? Great movie from the 90s, Scorsese, right? Very violent. If you havent seen the movie, at one point in the movie, a guy has his head crushed in a vice and his eyeball pops out. I looked over, there was a seven year old child just staring at my laptop. He looked horrified. I felt so bad. I was like, you know what? Take an ear, bud, itd be better with sound. If you could hear it. Then he started crying and I was like, are you ratting me out right now? Because Ill crush your little head in this laptop computer if I have to. I was at a plane one time, the lady next to me, she was watching 50 Shades Of Grey on her laptop. Did you guys see that movie, great documentary. Its a classic and a documentary really. Very sexual film. I thought she was watching porn at first. I was like good for you lady. Get after it, enjoy yourself. The flight attendant came by and shes like, Would you like more pretzels? I was like more Napkins, if you dont mind. I wasnt expecting to see tits on the plane. That kind of caught me off guard. We were landing. Shes like, Could ‘ya put your tray table up? Im like, Id rather not right this moment. Im in the full, upright locked position myself. This is a spicier flight than Im accustomed to. I cant sleep on the plane. Even with the first class I cant sleep on an airplane. I dont know about you guys, my friends, like, Why cant you sleep on an airplane? He acts like, Im crazy. Hes like, Why dont you just go to sleep? Im like, I cant. And hes like, Why? Im like, is that hard to understand? Thats not a normal sleeping situation thats why. Like, if you went home tonight and you went to bed and there was a jet engine idling outside of your bedroom window, dont you think you might be like, Im gonna have trouble sleeping tonight because of the jet engine outside of my bedroom window. And then also somebody replaced your bed with a chair and there were 71 strangers in your bedroom with you and then someone woke you up in the middle of the night to offer you a Coke. Thats what they do on airplanes. Its like, I know youre trying to sleep, but do you want a Coke right now? Im like, yeah, yeah, give me a Coke. I like to break up my sleep with a can of Coke. Thats how I sleep at home. I sleep for four hours. I wake up, I drink a can of Coke. Kind of spice up my dreams a little bit. Sometimes I boil Cola right before bed, little sleepy, time Pepsi. I love Coke, I had to quit Coke. I quit Coca-Cola, I still do blow. Obviously you gonna live your life you know. Coke is bad for you, I used to drink it all the time. People would always tell me its bad. People love to do that. My friends, people would always say Coke can take the paint off your car. What does that tell you? And Im like, it tells me not to put it on my car. Thats what I, Im not putting it on my car. Im putting it in my body and I dont have any paint in my body. If I did have paint in my body, I would want to get rid of it. So if you think about it that way, Cokes actually a pretty healthy beverage. Dont want paint in your body. If your kid accidentally swallows some paint, give him a can of Coke, send it back out there. Hell be fine. Thats very healthy. My buddy tried to help me sleep on the plane. He was like, you wanna borrow my sleep mask for your flight. I was like, I dont. First of all, I dont need a sleep mask. I have a built in sleep mask called eyelids, my eyelids block out the light for me. Also its not the lighting. Its the farts and the announcements is what Im having a hard time with. [audience laughs] You dont need a mask to sleep. Those words dont even go together. Sleep mask, thats like a masturbation helmet. It doesnt, they dont go together. Honey, have you seen my masturbation helmet and my bowel movement, knee pads. They were with my sleep mask earlier. Now I cant find any of them. I have trouble sleeping at home too cause I have anxiety. My same friend, he tried to help me with that. He goes the key to falling asleep. He goes, you wanna keep your body temperature cool. I was like, okay, that makes sense. Then he said one way to do that. You can wear socks and gloves to bed. Itll draw heat to those areas and cool the rest of your body. Its like nice. I might try that or I might flick on the air conditioning. That might be another thing. Ill either wear socks and gloves to bed, like I escaped from an asylum. Or perhaps Ill turn on the ceiling fan. I might even stick my leg out from underneath the blankets. Thats another way people have been cooling down for several centuries. Good advice though. I might do that in the summer, summertime, you know, Ill go down to the beach on a hot day and wear a couple of oven mitts and some tube socks. Kinda cool down my torso. You know how a lot of times people wear gloves to keep their nipples cool. Good advice. I try to get healthy. I quit drinking a long time ago, few years ago, you know? ‘Cause sometimes, oh, thank you, I dont know if thats a boo. Thats usually a sign that youre an alcoholic by the way. If you hear someone be like, I quit drinking. And someones like, boo. I was getting too wild. Sometimes you get too wild when youre drinking. You know, sometimes I think theres like placebo effect to drinking a little bit, you ever think that? You see like a person, theyre acting like an asshole, theyre like its the whiskey talking and then youre like, thats a Smirnoff Ice and its your first one, so I feel like its your personality talking actually. I think theres some placebo effect to alcohol. ‘Cause I havent had a drink in years, but I had a cold recently. So I went to a health food store and I got a shot of wheat grass. I dont even know what wheat grass is, but they put it in a shot glass and I fired it back and I was like, who wants to see my dick? And I kicked over a table. [audience laughs] I was like, sorry, that was muscle memory. I havent drank anything one and a half ounces at a time in a while, I got fired up. I apologize. Give me some vitamins, I wanna snort them up. But its hard to be healthy, its hard for everyone. Im like on the road all the time. Im traveling so its like hard. Like sometimes I eat McDonalds ‘Cause its the only thing open. And also because its my favorite restaurant. I was at McDonalds the other day I was dining in. Its funny, right? Thats the term they use. You order your food. Theyre like, will you be dining in, like Ill be eating over there. I feel like, dining feels a little dramatic. Im going to chew my food in the corner as fast as I possibly can, in the hopes that nobody sees me. Im not going to cut my burger in half and put a cloth napkin in my shirt, light a candle. But I was, I was dining in and the phone rang while I was at McDonalds. That blew my mind. You guys dont even seem weirded out by that. Not my phone, their phone, somebody called McDonalds on the telephone. A human being was at their house and was like, you know who we need to call? McDonalds, let me get them on the phone. I dont even know they had a phone. They employees didnt know. They were like, what the hell is that sound? We have a phone, what! Who calls McDonalds, Im like, what are you making, reservations? That mustve been the breathiest phone call of all time. Just are the new toys in yet? I asked the lady, I was like, what was that phone call all about? She was like, it was somebody complaining about the food. That blew my mind even more. I didnt know we could complain at McDonalds. Its shit food. Thats what you bought. Thats a gamble. I could go to McDonalds, my burger could be bleeding. Id be like, thats hilarious. You guys are crazy, lets get outta here. Imagine complaining to a McDonalds employee. Excuse me, my meal wasnt great. Yeah, my fucking life isnt great. Are you shitting me? Go to a real restaurant, asshole, I dont care. You can complain to McDonalds. I think, if they get your meal wrong. Thats like one thing you get, you get your meal in the right way, you know? But even thats not great. You can be like, oh, excuse me, you put pickles on this. I dont really like pickles and what they do for you. Theyll take the pickles off and they eat them while making eye contact with you and they slide your burger back to you. [audience laughs] I had a complaint recently, at McDonalds, but I didnt complain cause Im a good American goddammit. This is my complaint. I went to the McDonalds and I ordered my meal. My meal came to $9.89 cents and I paid with a $10 bill. My change is 11 cents and the woman went, Do you need your 11 cents or no? I thought that was weird. Once again, none of you are affected by this. I thought that was strange. I was like, well, I would like it. That belongs to me. So typically you would just give that to me at this point, in the transaction, but she was like, Right, but do you need it? And I was like, I dont need it. No, I guess not. And then she was like, Great, thank you. She took it out of the drawer, put it in her pocket, and just walked away. And I was like, what the fuck just happened to me? I just got robbed with my permission. That was very strange. It was like a Jedi mc-mind-trick. She was like, you dont need your 11 cents. Im like, I guess I dont, take it. I eat a lot of fast food. I eat Chipotle a lot. Thats like my go to. [audience cheers] Thank you. But Chipotle, I live here in New York. Now when you go to fast food restaurants in New York city, they have like a secret code on the bathroom door. ‘Cause like they dont want, if you dont have a secret code in New York, people will move into your bathroom. Theyre like, this is our apartment now. But I dont know if you know this, when you go to the middle of the country, people dont wanna live in the Chipotle bathroom. So theres no code on the bathroom door, which is confusing to us, New Yorkers. Like I was, I was in like rural Illinois recently and I went to a Chipotle and I walked up to the counter and I was like, Hey, what is the bathroom code? And the guy had no idea what I was talking about. He was like, Number one urine. Number two shit? [audience laughs] Like is that the code youre asking me for? I was like, No, I know that code, of course. Thats, thats the most popular bathroom code, of course. Number one pee, number two poo. We all know that. Thats international, thats all over the world. There should be a statue, or a plaque, to whoever came up with the number one, number two system. I googled it for like three straight days, I couldnt get to the bottom of who came up with it. I think this though, I think it was a woman. I think a woman came up with it, because, I think woman like to let you know, when they have have to go number two, but they dont wanna say anything, because its not socially acceptable. Like my wife, she lets me know, when she has to go number two. She telegraphs it slightly. This is what she does. She scrunches up her body, and then she whispers, she goes, I have to go to the bathroom. [audience laughs] And Im like Did you date a guy that hit you, when you shit? What, why do you look afraid of me right now? Baby I love ya, get in there, let it rip. Am I putting on an anti bowl movement vibe? Im pro shitting. We can make out while you do it, I like it. Im not into shitting, but, you gotta, gotta get it out there. Im cool with the bathroom. I have no bathroom issue. I have one bathroom issue. But this is only, I think only men deal with this. At some point, men reach an age, where at some point they start taking their penis out, several feet, before they arrive at a urinal or stall. I dont like that. I dont know when that starts happening. Every once in a while Im in a public restroom, you just see a guy like, Eh, I gotta take a piss, ugh. Im like Dude, you gotta leave earlier, or get less complicated pants, somethings going wrong, Its not like taking your keys out, before you get to your car, its offensive. I think thats just men, by the way, I dont go to ladies rooms, but I dont picture women being like, Heads up Barbra. I had too many coffees. Whoa, Sue, great labia, my God. [audience laughs] Anyways, Im trying to eat healthier, its hard. I tried to go vegetarian, for like a week. I was like, let me go one week, detox, vegetarian. I didnt, I tried. I didnt do great. I went five days. I ate Spaghetti Os, M&Ms, and Froot Loops, exclusively, for five straight days, and I was like, I feel like shit, and my teeth hurt, this diet sucks. I broke the diet by accident, day six I ordered spaghetti and meatballs at a, I swear to God this is true, Im an idiot. I was halfway through before I was like, you know what, I think there might be meat, in meatballs. Im gonna, let me just double check on this. I was like, By any chance, do you guys not put meat, in your meatballs? You do. Theyre balls of meat. Okay, thats great, thank you. Do you have any Froot Loops by any chance? I wanna be healthy, I feel like Im relatively healthy. I went to the doctor recently. I can go afford to go to the doctor now. I still dont have health insurance, but, like, I can afford a visit. Im not, this is where Im at financially. Im not rich, but heres where Im at. I had a big milestone recently. This is my point in life. If I pay for something with a debit card, and it doesnt go through, I say, Run it again. [audience laughs] Thats like a big moment in your life. Most of my life theyre like That didnt go through. Im like That makes perfect sense. Ill get the hell out of here. I apologize. I hate myself. Im gonna move back in with my parents, dont call the cops. But, now Im like, No way, thats all you. I got 300 bones in there. I went to the doctor, its nice to go the doctor, you know. I went to the ear doctor. Most people dont go to the ear doctor. In fact, so few people go to the ear doctor, they had to combine forces with the nose and throat doctor. Thats one doctor ear, nose, throat. Thats the only doctor that combines body parts. Theres no doctor thats like, Im foot, pussy, forehead. Those are my three areas. Well, cool man. Hes like, Yeah those are my three favorites, so I just studied those, and now I, you know. Nice, thats awesome. So I went to the ear, nose, throat doctor, which is a cool doctor. Its one doctor. He knows all three body parts. I was hoping it was three doctors saving money, by sharing a small office. Hes like, Im Bill, this is Susan, and Ted. Ear, nose, throat. Who do ya need? And they all kinda. I went for my ear, I have an ear issue called, , tinnitus, or tin-uh-dus. Thats when youre ears ring. You got it? Yeah, its frustrating. Its when youre ears ring, or buzz all the time. I dont know how you say it. I thought it was called tinnitus, but then I watched a YouTube video, and the doctor in the video, he kept saying tin-uh-dus. And so I was like, Oh, I guess its pronounced tin-uh-dus. But then I went to the comments section, and the first comment said, This guys a fake ass fucking retard doctor. Its pronounced t-ah-n-i-tus. All caps. And then I was like, Shit, now I dont know how to say this word. This gentlemen is a doctor, he seems very smart. This fella seems, less smart, but, extremely adamant about the pronunciation of this word. Tomato, to-mah-to. However you say it. If you have it, dont go to the doctor, they dont do shit. I went to the doctor I was like Doc, I have uh, tinnitus, or tin-uh-dus. Whatever you guys are calling it. My ears are ringing. And then he said, Okay, Im gonna test your hearing. And I was like, Oh no, thats okay. My hearing is great. I hear everything, plus ringing, so. I kind of have superpower hearing, if you think about it. Im hearing shit thats not even in the room. He gave me the hearing test, I passed it. Nailed it. Great hearing. Then he said, Im gonna look in your ears, to make sure its nothing obvious. I thought that was kind of hilarious, cause, he didnt explain what obvious would be. Like hes gonna look in my ear and be like, Oh, theres a tiny alarm clock in your ear canal. Thats, thats a very rare condition. Im gonna reach in there, hit the snooze for ya. Youll be fine, for like nine minutes, but. He looked at my ear, it was nothing obvious, so, then he was out of things. And he was like, Well, your hearing is great, and its nothing obvious causing the problem. And then he said this, he goes, You have an overbite. Might have something to do with your overbite. That was it. No science, no confidence. He just picked out a thing, Im psychically self conscious about, and was like, Maybe that? Could be your small dick also, I dont know, you have a, you have a lot of problems, youre very unattractive. And Im like, Geez, thats unfair. I always feel insulted at the doctor. Dont you feel so vulnerable, at the doctor? Everything he says. He tried to explain tinnitus, hes like You have tiny little hairs, in your ear. And I was like, You have big hairs in your nose, asshole. Why dont you leave me alone, you bully. Then he said, he goes I recommend getting a white noise machine. And I was like, Youre a white noise machine. I was like, What does a white noise machine do? He goes, Well that way youre hearing the white noise, instead of the sound that youre hearing. And I was like, Right. The sound Im hearing is white noise. Like I have a white noise machine in my head. Thats the issue. Youre telling me to get surround sound of the problem, Im telling you I have. Thatd be like if you had a bad smell in your nose, and you went to the doctor, and he was like, Put a little dog shit, on your lip. Just every morning, scoop a little dog shit, on your upper lip. Thats what I would do. That way youre smelling dog shit. Thatll be $8,000. We dont take any insurance. God bless America. Then I went to the dentist. Ive been going to the dentist a lot. I didnt go to the dentist for like 10 years. Dont skip years. I thought you could just skip over those years, but, they make you make up for the time you missed. I hate the dentist. I love my dentist, personally. Like, hes a good guy, were friends, I love him. But, dentists are the doctor, I trust the least. I think theyre just making shit up. Like cavities, I feel like those are completely made up, by the dental industry. Nobodys on board with this, but. My dentist is like, You have a cavity. And I was like, Do I? It doesnt hurt. And hes like Cavities dont always hurt. And I was like, I dont see anything. And hes like, You cant really see cavities. I was like, This is awfully convenient for you, isnt it? It doesnt hurt, and I cant see it, but you need to fix it? Thats a little suspicious, if you ask me. Hes like, You can ignore it, but itll turn into root canal. And I was like, Now I feel like youre threatening me. I think youre making shit up, and youre threatening me with it. And I was like, Whatever, fill it I guess. He filled the cavity. I think he filled it. I have no idea. They numb your mouth, you cant feel what theyre doin, and you cant see what theyre doing. So he might have been crocheting. I have no idea what this guy did, but he charged me 500 bucks, which seemed high, you know. And then I went back six months later, you gotta go every sixth months. And this time I needed a root canal. Different tooth. It wasnt even hurting. Hes like, You need a root canal. And I was like, Which tooth? Hes like, Whichever one you want, just pick a tooth. I thought, Id make some extra cash for the holidays. I was like, Are you sure I need a root canal? Hes like, Oh yeah. He showed me the x-ray. Doctors love to show you the x-ray, as though youve read an x-ray, at any point in your entire life. He tosses it up there hes like, Take a look. Im like, I dont know what that is, I dont. I read books, and tweets, almost exclusively, I dont. And hes like, See how its all white right here. And Im like, Well, its a black and white photo, so. The whole God damn photo is white. I was like I cant afford a root canal. I was like, What are those, like $3,000? He goes, Theyre not $3.000. He said it like I was an idiot. Hes like, Theyre not $3,000. And Im like All right, well Im not a dentist, and you dont have a menu with prices on it, okay? I was like, How much do they cost? He said, $1,800. Which is a little frustrating, cause I feel like I was in the ballpark. Its not like I said 75,000, I was pretty close. They did the root canal, which was fine, and then afterwards hes like Now you need a crown. And I was like, How much does the crown cost? And with a straight face, he said $1,200. I swear to God, thats not even a joke, at all. I was like What? Im sorry, that sounds an awful lot like $3,000. You could have at least given me the satisfaction of nailing it. I should get both prizes, for getting the. Have you guys had root canals? Theyre a bummer. Its not that bad. Ive had, like, nine in the last three weeks, but, like theyre hooked in me. Theyre not that bad, they numb your mouth, like I said, so it doesnt hurt, but this is what they do. They drill into your tooth, I wont get too graphic, but they drill into your truth, and then they just pull the roots out. They toss em or plant em. I dont know what theyre doing with the roots. They collect em. Then they do, what they do is they whittle your tooth down, to like a little piece of shit nub, and they glue a fake tooth on top of that, and then they go like this, We saved it. We saved your tooth. Im like, Ya did. Ya saved it. Ya did, quite a bit of damage right before ya save it. Most of my tooth is on my glasses right now, but, you fixed it up new. Its like youre about to get a haircut, and they just shaved your head, and gave you a wig, and theyre like We fixed it. It looks a lot better. It looked ridiculous for a minute there. Thatll be 1800 for the haircut, and 1200 for the wig. Its a package deal. Then I went to the eye doctor, I got an eye exam. I didnt get an eye exam for like 10 years. Do you know why I didnt get an eye exam for 10 years? Because I was basing it off dental prices. I thought I couldnt afford an eye exam. I was like it cost me $3,500 to fix two teeth, that werent even bothering me. What the hell is eyesight gonna cost? $75. Thats how much, thats how much an eye exam cost, in New York City, 75 bucks. I showed up with $5,000 in my pocket. [audience laughs] I walked in there with all my money, I was like Just let me see again. Ill give you the rest when I have it. They were like, Thatll be 75 bucks. Im like, Are you shitting me? Give me two eye exams. Double check both eyes. Ill pay for that, Ill pay for everybodys eye exams, all day. Im like Daddy Warbucks in here. I dont think eye doctors have any idea, how much dentists are charging out there. They could really up their prices if they wanted to. And I thought, maybe like eye doctor, is like the lowest self esteem doctor. Theyre like, Can you read the bottom line? Its fine if you cant. I cant either. Im a fucking idiot, Im stupid, my dad hates me. Youll be like, Geez, are you all right? How are teeth more expensive than eyes? Thats like unbelievable to me. You have so many more teeth. If you lose a tooth, nobody even notices. If you lose an eye, you have a new nickname, people notice. If you lose an eye, your friends are gonna be like, Didnt you used to have multiple eyes? You did, you had two. I thought you had two. Plus teeth theres other options too. Like if you cant afford a root canal, they can pull the tooth for you, it takes like three minutes, its fairly cheap. They dont have that at the eye doctor, you know. Youre like I cant read the bottom line. Theyre like Want us to pull that out? We can toss that thing right away for you. Well give you some gauze and some Vicodin, dont eat anything solid for a couple days. Im going to therapy. You guys going to therapy out there? Mental and dental. No? Not a big, therapy, in New York too, oi. I love it. I can do it for ya. If you guys wanted to go, maybe you cant afford it, I can do it for you. I didnt go to college or anything, but I know how to do therapy. Ive been going long enough. Whatever youre dealing with, its because of your family. Look no further, than your own family. Thats all therapy is, you complain about your problems, then he says, Its your family. And then youre like, Still, great. Then you give him your money, and then you leave. At first I was skeptical. I was like, I dont know. And then I spent 11 seconds with my family, and I was like, He nailed it. These are the worst people Ive ever met in my life. I dont know how I didnt see this earlier. My Aunt Betty, shes a big source of my anxiety. I dont know if you guys know her at all. She was a babysitter, late 80s, early 90s. I have anxiety, thats like my big issue. I know when my anxiety began, I think it was cause of my Aunt Betty. When I was eight years old, this is a true story, my Aunt Betty said this to me. She said, Joe, my biggest fear. She told me her biggest fear. I didnt ask her what her biggest fear was, because, I was eight years old. I did not give a shit about her fears, but, she told me anyway. She said My biggest fear, is that when I go to the bathroom, theyll be a man, hiding behind the shower curtain waiting to get me. And I was like, Well, thats my biggest fear now, also. Previously my biggest fear had been wetting my pants but, thats now the solution, to avoiding my new biggest fear, entering the bathroom at my parents house. My parents are like, What do you want for your ninth birthday? Im like, How bout a urinal, in my bedroom, and, maybe a firearm, and a new babysitter. The big three. That was my big fear when I was a kid, wetting my pants. ‘Cause if you get like frightened or anything, or scared, which I was scared of everything, if you get frightened by something, you can just urinate right in your pants. And then your life is ruined. Thats a weird mind body connection, I never understood. Like your brain is like, Im terrified. And then youre bladders like, Well, go ahead and piss then. And then your brains like That didnt help at all. And your bladders like Thats all we know how to do. We just wanted to let you know we were helping, hell. And then your colons like Were ready to rock also, if you want us to fire something up. Fortunately, my Aunt Betty was never attacked by a man, behind the shower curtain. Which is good. I mean it could still happen, shes still alive. But probably wont, she lives with her parents, they have a security system set up. Shes always lived with her parents, shes never moved out, shes never been married. She had the wrong worst fear. [audience laughs] She should have been praying for a man, behind that shower curtain. She might have been to scooch on out of that house, but. That joke got mean evidently, but shes an asshole in real life, dont worry about it. You guys really took her side, that hurt my feelings, goddammit. What about my feelings? Ill tell you whats good about therapy, you get a diagnosis, you find out whats going on, like whats wrong, you know? Like were all fucked up, you know? If you go to therapy you get a diagnosis. Like I have OCD, obsessive compulsive disorder, which is fun. I like to say I have it. Some people word it differently, some people say this, I am OCD. You ever meet those people? Like, I gotta go wash my hands, Im OCD. That triggers my OCD, cause Im like, Youre not saying it properly. I guess it sounds normal, cause you hear it, so it sound normal. But watch me replace it with something else. I gotta go wash my hands, Im genital herpes. See how that. [audience laughs] Like, Im sorry, you have. No, no I am genital herpes. Its who I am, call me Gen for short, its very serious. Im trying to relax more, its hard. I got into Buddhism, Im like a Buddhist sort of, I read a Buddhist book, you know. It wasnt a book, it was a meme, if Im being honest with you guys, but, I like to say book, you sound smarter when you say read a book but memes are more, theyre preferable, theyre more succinct, you know. This is what it said, and a good quote, it said, Let negative thoughts come into your head, but dont serve them tea. Mm. ‘Cause you dont want your negative thoughts, lingering around, drinking tea. Thats like the analogy I guess. My negative thoughts arent drinking tea, mine are doing cocaine. Thats a better analogy. My negative thoughts are like, Climate change is gonna make the world uninhabitable. Tomorrow! Ah fuck. Jesus. I read this, human beings have up to 70,000 thoughts a day. Did you guys know that? I thought it was like nine, I had no idea. 70,000s too many. I dont think I have 70,000 thoughts a day, I feel like I have four thoughts a day, they just repeat 70,000 times. My four thoughts are my parents gonna die, Im horny, is that cancer, is this funny? Those are the only four thoughts I ever have in my life. Ive been traveling a lot. Its stressful to travel. I went to Israel last year. I dont know if you guys have been. Its New York, you probably have. I went to the Dead Sea. Thats like a big attraction in Israel. You guys know about the Dead Sea. Even if youve never been, youre familiar. You can float. Thats like the big attraction to the Dead Sea. You float. I dont know if you guys know this. Did you know this? You can actually float in any body of water. You do not have to travel to the Middle East if youd like to float in water. You can do that right here in America. They dont know that over there. Theyre like, Get in the water, youll float. Im like, We have chairs that float. They have little cup holders. We do it all summer, its terrific. Weve got foam noodles. You can buy them for three bucks. But I went, I didnt want to go, but you gotta try new things. Thats very important in life. Thats what they say. I think new things are overrated, honestly, once you get to a certain age. Im 37, I like chicken parm and missionary sex. Thats all Im really into. People are like, What about veal and reverse cowgirl? Im like, Those are inhumane if you asked me, I dont think we should. But I went to the Dead Sea. I had a tour guide, he gave me some fun facts with the Dead Sea. He said, Its the lowest body of water on Earth. I was like, Oh, thats neat. Then he added a second part that I thought was annoying. He said, Its actually below sea level. And I was like, I dont know if youre smarter than me or dumber than me, but its not below sea level. It is sea level. Its the sea. Whatever the level is, thats the level. You cant be below yourself. And hes like, Actually you can be and I was like, Maybe you should below yourself. I thought that was hilarious. Right off the top of my head, that was pretty good. He didnt laugh at all. I think something was lost in translation, but I thought it was a good zinger. He said this, he warned me, When you get the water, if you have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on your body, youre gonna really feel it, because the salt can get in there. I was like, I dont have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on my body, so Im not too worried about it. But then I got in the water and you know what I found out? Your pee hole qualifies as a cut, nick, or abrasion. I had no idea. All these years Ive been walking around with a cut on the end of my penis or a nick, might be a dick nick, Im not sure. I got in the water, I was like, Ah, aah. Then he was like, Is your pee hole burning a little bit? I was like, You fucking knew about this? You gave me that shitty Snapple fact about the sea level, but failed to mention I might have a burning pee hole. He goes, Its normal. Im like, No, its not, thats abnormal. Normally, I have no burning in my penis while swimming. Hes like, Youll get used to it. I was like, Im not gonna get used to it. Im going to get out of the water and go back to America. I dont wanna just have a burning dick and be like, Oh, its an acquired taste after a few minutes, invigorating. Guys, if you wanna experience the Dead Sea, go home tonight, get a glass of water, fill it with salt, and then just ease down into there. Get a sense of what the Dead Seas about. Ladies, its harder. Its hard to dip your vagina in a glass. Vaginas dont dangle, you know. Some do, but I feel like. I dont know if it happens with women because I was with a friend of mine, Rachel, shes a woman. We got out of the water and I was like, Rachel, my pee hole burns. Did your vagina burn at all? She was like, I only went in knee deep. I was like, Oh, me too. [audience laughs and applauds] Thank you, it was the proudest moment of my comedy career. I went to Ireland last year. Ive been there a couple of times. Thats a beautiful country. They like to fight there. Thats like a big stereotype, fighting Irish. I dont like stereotypes, but they nailed that one. I saw so many fights. I saw the biggest fight Ive ever seen, a big brawl. I was in Dublin. There was two bouncers from a bar fighting this one other guy and I think he was a patron. I dont know how the fight started. It was already in progress when I got there. They might have been fighting for centuries. It was two on one and the three of them, they just kicked the shit out of each other. Eventually the two guys, they beat up the one guy because they had more arms than he had. Thats a big advantage in a fight. They knocked the guy down. This is what happened, they knocked the guy down, finally, and they didnt hit him while he was down. They just kind of stood there like, Weve won the fight. I was like, I respect that. Because here in America, if you get in a fight and you get a guy down, you kick him until he dies, you know what I mean? Were number one, goddammit. Im from Boston, maybe you guys arent. But he didnt kick him, he didnt hit him all. He just kind of stood there and then I was like, These guys are real gentlemen. They dont hit a man when hes down. But then, plot twist. The guy who was laying on the ground, his girlfriend came running over and she was like, You sons of bitches and one of the guys blasted her right in the face. I was like, Wow, I seem to have jumped the gun on my assessment of these fellas. Not quite as gentlemanly as I first suspected. Wont hit a man when hes down, will hit a woman when shes up. I was like, I better do something, goddammit. Im a man, Im an American. Im gonna take action, so I did, I tweeted. I was like, I just saw some crazy shit, #blessed, fire it off. Hit them where it hurts. The lady was fine, by the way. She wasnt injured. I would not make a joke if she was hurt. She was completely fine. I think she mightve been on meth. I think that because I read theres a meth problem in Dublin and then when the woman got punched in the face, she went like this, Ha! and I was like, I think that might be one of those meth people I was reading about. That seems like a methy reaction to a punch in the face. And by the way, she won the fight. Both guys were like, Oh, shit, thats crazy. Lets get outta here. They kind of left and then she was crying and then she kind of hugged her man. He was bleeding in the street. They kind of hugged and for a moment, I got kind of jealous. I was like, My wife and I never do fun stuff like this anymore. Thats really sweet, you know? Then this part, youre gonna think Im making this up, but I swear to God this really happened. The woman, she walked over to the bar, she opened the front door of the bar and she yelled inside. She went, All we wanted was some chips! [audience laughs] Thats when I was like, I really wish I saw the beginning of this fight because I feel like there has to be more to that story. Theres no way. Like that woman was sitting at the bar, she was like, Can we get some chips right over here? Take them outside, beat the shit out of him and punch her right in the fucking face. We do not sell chips at this establishment. The rest of my time in Ireland, I was like, Can I get some chips? But if not, no big deal. I know youre very particular about your chip distribution in this country. I understand you had a famine some time ago. I dont want to cause any problems. If you have a wife, we have sex. You guys having sex out there? You like that segue? You know what I like about sex? I like sex because you keep learning. You know what I mean? Ive been having sex for a number of years, but like sometimes I still feel like its a learning experience. Recently my wife and I had sex. She had a cold, but we had sex anyways. Shes a real trooper, you know? In the middle of the sex, she coughed and it ejected my penis out of her body. Did you guys know that happens? Not a little bit, 100% out of her body. It was like, I was like, Whoa, what? It was like a magic trick. Evidently, thats one tube all the way down, ears, nose, throat, vagina. Its ENTV. I was like, I gotta get some cough drops or a bigger dick. Something has to change here. Ladies, you know you can do that? Next time youre having sex with your man and hes not giving it to you the way you like it just give him a good. [coughs] Dont come back here with that weak ass shit. Ill cough you right out of this relationship. I was nervous to get back in there. Im like, If she sneezes, Im gonna be dead on the ceiling over here. I got back in there, back on the horse as they say, the horse, being my wife in this particular situation. Shes more of a pony, shes very petite. I got in there, I was literally holding on to that headboard because I was nervous and then she did have to sneeze. I thought she was having an orgasm at first. They sound similar. Shes like, Huh. For one second I was like, Im fucking hitting it today, yeah. [audience laughs] Then she sneezed and blew it in my face. I was like, Oh, that makes more sense. Then I came and said, God bless you. So, that was kind of hot, it was fun. Thats actually a better time to say, God bless you, really. Sex is fun, I love it. Sex is different when youre married, though. Im a dirty guy. I like to get dirty and weird, you know, like Im a dirty guy. But when youre married you cant get too dirty because you have to segue back into your regular life together. You know what I mean? When youre single, you can say crazy shit. You could do whatever. Youd can be like, I cant ever see this person again, that was weird. When youre married, its hard to be like, Step on my balls and choke me, bitch. And then five minutes later youre like, Ill do the dishes if you vacuum, is that cool? Sorry about earlier, I dont know what happened there. Thats why I go entry level dirty talk, just kind of regular, you know what I mean? The other day we were having sex and I dont wanna get too graphic out of respect, but she was on top and I went, Yeah, fuck me. Thats something, right? Standard. And then she said, I am. [audience laughs] I had to be like, No, I know, I know you are. It was more of a rhetorical. Then I tried to cough her off of me. I wanted to see if I could do it to her. Nothing doing, I gotta do some kegels or something. I love my wife, I love her family. She has a sister, were buddies. I was hanging out my wifes sister the other day. You ever sent a text message too quick and you missed a letter or a word and it changes the whole text? Weve all had that. I had that happen recently. I was hanging out my sister-in-law and my wife texted and she wrote, Hows things going with my sister? I wrote back, Great, shes a lot of fun, I wish you were her. [audience laughs] Thats a bad text. [audience laughs] I meant to write, I wish you were here, obviously. I felt bad, I had to call her. I was like, Hey, I didnt mean to write that, I was distracted. I was trying to fuck your sister, but I got a little confused but I wish you were here so we could all fool around a little, you know, like in the movies. Its weird when you date or marry someone with a sibling because siblings tend to look alike because they have the same parents but youre not supposed to be attracted to the sibling because its inappropriate, but they look alike. You gotta pretend they dont. You gotta be like, Baby, youre the most beautiful woman Ive ever seen in the whole world, but this younger version of you is very off putting to me. I would never be attracted to a slightly newer version of you. Thats gross [audience laughs] Im very attracted to my wife. I want her to be attracted to me. I dont know, its hard because when youre married, you want the person to be attracted to you. I googled things that are sexy to women and you shouldnt do that. Thats a mistake. I read about 25 articles. I had none of the things in any of the articles, which was a bummer. One thing said making the bed is sexy. I make the bed, but I feel like thats a bullshit article. Thats just a woman trying to get guys to make her bed, Im pretty sure. Like someone was like, Put down making the bed. Lets see if they try that. Her editors like, Thats not really sexy. Shes like, I know, but lets get our beds made, if nothing else, these guys are idiots. I dont picture a woman be like, Ooh, look at the way he snaps out the wrinkles. Thats so hot. Some things I think it should be sexy to women, but theyre not. I dont understand women. The other day, I was putting my socks on and my foot just ripped right through it. I was like, Woosh. I turn to my wife, Im like, Eh? [audience laughs] You wanna bang or what? Shes like, What are you talking about? Im like, Im too much man. Thats what Im talking about. My goddamn socks cant even contain me anymore. She was like, No, you idiot, you have a hole in the toe. Im like, All right, whatever it is. Sometimes its confusing what sexy is. My wife and I, one time we were watching Brokeback Mountain together and she got turned on, not by the sex. There is a scene, I dont know if you saw the movie. I wont give anything away in case youve been waiting 17 years to watch this masterpiece, but we were watching the movie. Theres a scene in the movie where Jake Gyllenhaals character, he yells at his father-in-law. He says, Sit your ass down you old son of a bitch. Its like a big scene in the movie and then my wife was like, Ooh, that was hot. I was like, Is that hot? Should I be yelling at your dad? Is that a turn on? That never even crossed my mind. I wake up every morning, I do 100 push ups and I make the bed. I never thought to reprimand your father. I aim to please, though, you know? We went to visit her parents, her dads like, Im gonna take my princess out for ice cream. I was like, Thats what you think, you fat fuck. [audience laughs] He was like, What is wrong with you? Im like, I dont know whats wrong with her? Thats the real question. You raised this weirdo. Im trying to stay sexually relevant. I would love an ice cream. But thats not what shes into, so sit down you son of a bitch. Didnt turn her on at all, by the way. It turned her mother on. She loved it. She was like, Yeah, give it to him. I hate this dip shit. I think I have a chance with her mother, well see, feels inappropriate. You gotta spice it up, though. Weve been together a long time, you know? Sex, you gotta mix it up. Ill tell you what I like. I like shoes in bed, thats my thing, anybody? Im talking like high heels, not New Balance or Asics. They gotta be something nice. I like shoes in bed because they dont belong in bed. Its like a threesome, like You shouldnt be here, but stick around, I like where this is going, you know? Thats a sexy look on a woman, by the way, naked with shoes. Not a man. Man, were not quite able to pull that look off just yet. If Im naked wearing shoes, I look like a toddler that ran away from his mother while she was changing him. You ever seen that when someones changing the kid and the kid makes a run for it? Hes like, No. Tiny dick flipping everywhere. He hides in the curtains. Thats me, you know? I think its when a woman is naked wearing shoes, its kind of like, shes like, I forgot to get dressed. A man naked with shoes is like, I forgot to take my medicine. I dont know what got into me, Im sorry. I like morning sex, thats my favorite sex, morning sex. First thing, right? [audience member screams] Yeah, there you go. I love it, my wife doesnt like it. Im like, Lets have some morning sex. Shes like, No, I want to start my day. Yeah, I want to start my day also. Thats what I was referring to. Frankly, its a little hurtful that you wouldnt consider that part of your day. Then shes just eating cereal. I just got cock blocked by Tony the Tiger. Its not a great feeling. I think the problem with morning sex, morning breath. Thats the main problem. Morning breath Im pretty sure is how doggy style sex got invented. There was a couple having sex first thing in the morning and then 30 seconds in the womans like, Lets try this with my face buried in the pillow. Thatll be better. We can still do it, Ill just lift my genitals to you and hide my nostrils in the linens. Thank you for making the bed, by the way. Thats really nice of you. Thank you guys very much, thats it. [audience applauds and cheers] Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Thank you. Take care, thank you everybody. [audience applauds and cheers] Ladies and gentlemen, Joe List. [audience applauds and cheers] Oh, my God, let him hear it everybody, come on. [audience applauds and cheers] [relaxing instrumental music]

SARAH COOPER@EVERYTHINGS FINE@2020@[anthemic classical music playing] [narrator] This story is about Sarah Cooper, who was a morning news anchor from the spring of 2017 to the fall of 2020. At her peak, Cooper had a HUT rating of 54 and a 27 audience share. [imperceptible] [narrator] She looks all right here, but inside, shes losing her mind every time she utters the words, Everythings fine, which happens to be the name of her morning show. [theme music playing] ? Everythings fine ? ? Its a brand-new day ? ? Everythings fine ? ? Youve got to celebrate ? ? Everythings fine ? ? Its gonna be okay ? ? Everythings fine ? Good morning and welcome to Everythings Fine, the morning show where everythings fine. Im your host, Sarah Cooper. Today on the show, an exposé on age-defying makeup. Does it have the power to take off the 14 years you aged in the past six months? Well find out. And coming up, theres a new robot CEO in town, and this time, hes actually a robot. My exclusive interview with Techtech Corps new AI executive, 8008s. Then, an exclusive look inside the now-famous Access Hollywood bus. You dont want to miss it. A little later, well check in on how the sky is doing with our favorite meteorologist, Andrea Steele. Shes a scientist. Plus, another zoo runs out of money and well sugarcoat what happens to all the animals. Hope you dont like emus. [chuckles] Then, well have all the latest fall fashions you can wear to that conference call from your bedroom. Big story this morning. Scientists say an asteroid is headed straight for this… Breaking news! Breaking news. The president is on the line and wants to say hi. I guess we werent able to change our number. How are you doing, Mr. President? [Trumps voice] So, we have many exciting things that well be announcing over the next, uh… eight weeks, I would say. Oh. Exciting. Were gonna get things done. Were gonna get things done that theyve wanted to see done… for a long, long time. What have you started on, Mr. President? Were gonna get things done. We have, uh… Were taking on immigration, taking on education. Were taking on so many aspects of things that, uh… people were hopelessly tied up in knots in Congress, but youll see, uh… levels of detail, levels of thought… I would love to see detail. …that a lot of people believed very strongly we didnt have in this country. Uh, Mr. President, it looks like youre golfing. Things that nobody has even contemplated, thought about, thought possible. Were gonna get things done. [coughs] So when are you gonna start on this stuff? So, I think well start sometime on Tuesday? [Sarah] Tuesday works. Then were going into the immigration, the world of immigration and education. Immigration, education. You did mention that before. Were going into the world of healthcare. Oh! Im gonna let you get back… …a lot of exciting… …to starting on those plans, Mr. President. Thank you so much for calling us again. A lot of us are working from home, but some of us are twerking from home. Here to show us how she does it, please welcome Megan Thee Stallion. Hi, Sarah Cooper! Good morning, Megan. Sarah! [static] Can you hear me? Megan? [Megan] Sarah? Megan… Megan, can you hear me? Sarah! Megan? Megan? [chuckles] Were gonna get a little update from Scooter in a second. Well sort this right out. Well just move on. Scooter, are you getting the Internet? It seems to be working fine right here. Plenty of Wi-Fi. Plenty. Oh, my goodness, the Internet, right? Wi-Fi is so weird. Yeah. Do we need a modem, Scooter? We need a modem, yeah… [chuckling] [Sarah] Its a cable joke. [laughing] Hoop-dee-hoo! Yeah. Well have to wait between 10:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. for them to come in. [laughing] So funny. We might not have any Internet access, but in good news, we have a woman whose baked goods have become a national sensation. Not just for how they taste, but for what they wear. Please welcome, all the way from Wedgecot, New Jersey, the creator of Cupcake Shoes, K.J. Dillard. [Scooter] Think youre going the wrong way. There we go. [director] All right, go to camera two. Beautiful. [in sing-song voice] My pretty. Little bit of curly hair for you. [gasps] [softly] There we go. Welcome, K.J.! [gasps] Oh, my God, you startled me. [chuckles] Im here to do the Sarah Cooper show. And we are so excited to have you. These might be the cutest cupcakes Ive ever seen. They are my pride and joy. Now Id appreciate it if you got Sarah for me. Thank you. Im Sarah Cooper. I didnt say Sierra, honey. I said Sarah. That is Sarah Cooper. Im Sarah Cooper, the host of the show. Youre Sarah Cooper? Yep. Can I see some ID? Here is my license, passport, and my birth certificate. No, I need to see some kind of a permit that shows me that youre allowed to be on the premises. Okay, K.J., why dont you tell our viewers how you came up with this fabulous idea? Well, I used to design these dolls called little pooples that youd put on the end of your toilet, and then I got tired because I wasnt able to eat em. So, should I be sharing personal information with this person? It just… It helps with banter. I love this little guy. What is his name? His name is Broadway Berry cause hes berry-flavored, and hes very fragile. Well, I am ready to make one. [gasps and exclaims] [dialing] [operator] 9-1-1, whats your emergency? This is Karen June Dillard. Karen! I am with a person and my gut tells me she is up to no good. Scooter. I cant hear anything. Got my gloves on. [K.J.] Yes, shes a female. And I would say at least 70% Africo-American. Yes. Now shes destroying my property! This is my property. [gasps] [woman] Welcome to Karens. Im Whoopi Goldberg. In 1876, a Boston Karen bemoaned to her husband how taxing it was for her to walk miles into town every time she wanted to get a Black person arrested. He vowed to resolve this issue. Wife, he said, I shall make it so that you may summon the police on Black people from the comfort of our very home. His name was Alexander Graham Bell. [Karen Bell] Theyre standing by my horse! [horse neighs] [Whoopi] But the role of Karens did not start with the invention of the telephone. The New World was crawling with Karens. Karen over here, Karen over there, Karens every-goddamn-where. [Karen] Theyre on my property! [Whoopi] Some even claim that they can trace the roots of Karens as far back as the book of Genesis. [Karen] Theyre eating that snakes apple! [Whoopi] When we come back, my actual next-door neighbor, Karen. Ive got a few choice words to say to this bitch. [man] Sore muscles, back pain, headaches and weakness. If you have COVID-19, getting a good nights sleep can be rough. But starting now, your pesky pains are over. From the makers of MrPillow comes a brand-new product, the MrPillow Coronavirus Vaccine. Hi. Im Steve Windell, the creator of MrPillow and MrPillowPlus. For 20 years, Ive dedicated my life to making firm yet fluffy pillows that dont break the bank. So, I thought, Why not take the magic of MrPillow and use it to make a vaccine for coronavirus? So, how does it work? Its pretty simple, actually. The MrPillow Vaccine is made from thousands of tiny microscopic pillows shrunken down to the size of the deadly virus. Once injected into the bloodstream, these individualized pillows insert themselves under the novel coronavirus and lull it into a restful slumber. The virus now defenseless, the bodys immune cells can go to work. Thats how we here at MrPillow put the science back in sleep science. I got my friendly MrPillow Vaccine in the mail, and three days later, I already feel immune to COVID and ready to mix and mingle. Im even going to a pool party later. Thank you, MrPillow. And I had COVID for three weeks and then I got it again! Hey! I think Ill load up on that vaccine right now. Nurse? I feel better already. Order the MrPillow Coronavirus Vaccine for just four easy payments of $99, or $12,000 with insurance. The MrPillow Coronavirus Vaccine works. [man] The MrPillow Coronavirus Vaccine may cause coronavirus. [whirring] [Trumps voice] Anynomous… really anomous. [speaking alien language] Thank you so much to our viewers for your patience. We got our technical difficulties all figured out and we are so excited to welcome she likes to hoist up her moist stuff, Megan Thee Stallion. Hey, Sarah Cooper! Megan, it is so amazing to have you here. You are such a legend. I have a question. Im sure its on the minds of all our viewers. How are you dealing with this whole new normal thing? Listen, Sarah Cooper, Im not going outside until coronavirus is a memory, okay? Like, you can go back in the textbook and be like, Damn, yall remember coronavirus? That shit was crazy, right? [chuckles] Yeah. So until then, Im staying my ass in the house. [narrator] Sarah had to make a pee-pee, but knew she had to play it cool for the folks at home. I have to say, that ass youre staying in the house is very nice. How do you look so good all the time? Well, you know, I like to work out, gotta keep that ass tight, sharp. [chuckling] Real hot-girl shit. [Sarah] Yeah, real hot-girl stuff. Any tips you can give us for working out at home? Definitely. I actually have this great workout called Drink your drink. Drink your drink? Goes like this. Get your cup, and one… and two. And… [mimics drink flowing] Is that cognac? Yes, Sarah Cooper, yeah, it is. I been doing this every day for quarantine and let me tell you, I feel great. Well, you look great. Thanks. You, too, can look like this. All you gotta do is grab some cognac, add a little squat to it. Even a little lunge. Real easy, like… Mmm. Like that? A little more sexy and a little less like you sitting on the toilet. Somebody get her some cognac. Scooter, can I get some cognac? [Scooter] Yes. Trying to do the six feet, so… So, all you gotta do is dip and sip. [both] Dip and sip. Dip and sip. Yep, yep, yep. [sexy music playing] I think Im doing it! Ive never twerked before in my life. [laughs] Its happening. No, try it like this. Try it a little more sexy. Okay. Pow, pow, pow. Little hair flip. Girl, live your life, do you, be a hot girl. Everybody wasnt meant to be in the twerk Olympics, so just do you, be you. Be the best Sarah Cooper you can be. I can do that. This is a really great workout. I know! Real hot-girl shit. [Scooter] If you dont mind, this is supposed to be six feet. We certainly are lubed up here at the Everythings Fine studio. Well be right back. [Scooter] All right, we are out. Good job. [cork pops] This stuff is really strong. [theme song playing] Its the 3:00 a.m. hour here on QAnon QAC. Just a note, this is the real QAnon, not the other one people were saying was the real QAnon on 4chan. Please stop doxing me. Ive had to move five times. Lets check in with our viewers. Emma from Philadelphia. [Emma] Hey, Ashley. How are you this morning? Longtime caller, always listening. You blinked your right eye just now when you said this was the real QAnon. Was that a sign that you have been contacted by the god of fire? [chuckles] Dont be ridiculous, Emma. That was a nervous tic in my eye. It was not a coded message. Believe me, you will know when Ive been contacted by the god of fire. Thanks, Ashley. [ominous music playing] [easy jazz music playing] This morning, we are proud to feature our Indoctrination Porcelain Doll Collection. Theyre stunning dolls, and yes, we do accept cryptocurrency, but only QCoin. Lets take a look at these dolls. How adorable. Its presidential mouthpiece, Kellyanne. [Kellyannes voice] Dont be so overly dramatic about it, Chuck. What it… Youre saying its a falsehood, and theyre giving Sean Spicer, our press secretary, gave… alternative facts to that, but the point… Ugh. Never a dull moment. This one just talks and talks and talks and talks and talks. Order soon as this one has recently been discontinued. [gasps] Ah! My naan! Thank you, Quincy. Im so sorry. I am just so starving and it is hard to get good Indian food in this undisclosed location. [sniffs] Ahh! Next caller. [man] Hey, Ashley. [laughing] Mike from Minnesota, how are you again? Did you just get naan from Quincy? Is that a code for QAnon? Right? QAnon, a sign that youre Q? I am not Q, I am just on in the middle of the night selling porcelain dolls. Q is in Washington uncovering a cabal of sex predators. I appreciate you sending me messages through the TV. Next we have, I am woman, hear me roar, but very softly so I still sound sexy. [softly] Ivanka. This doll teaches our daughters that its better to be seen and not heard. [Ivankas voice] If being complicit is wanting to… Is wanting to be a force for good and to make a positive impact, then Im complicit. [thunder cracks] [yells in fear] Whoo! The storm is coming. I told you this was the real QAnon. Next caller! [distorted voice] Hows it going? Are you saying we can expect a storm when the president will reveal the mass execution of the Washington figures responsible for murdering a DNC staffer? Id say keep your eyes open, and coming up in the 4:00 a.m. hour, we have a phenomenal weighted blanket that youre not gonna– Weighted blankets are a media tool invented by George Soros. Watch your back, Ashley. I always do, honey. I have to. Finally, we have the best first lady, Melania. Beautiful, stunning, and really, what else do you need? [Melanias voice] Im very involved in charities now, many charities involving children, involving many different diseases. Hi… Melania. All of these dolls are available now by calling 666-666-6666… 666666… This is not the real QAnon. Get out now! [Christmas bells jangling] [Sarah] The former QAnon host starts her new job at the White House this week. [breaking news alert plays] We have some breaking news coming in. It appears the president is live-tweeting this program right now, and weve noticed a ratings bump when we show what hes saying about us in real time, so… thats what were gonna do. Okay, so the president is saying that everything is not fine. Uh, I guess well have to see if we can change the name of the show. [Scooter] Im open to it. Now theyre playing my tweet. Stop playing my tweet. Thats my tweet. The president now thinks the country is totally fine and its the best its ever been. Because of me. Who, me? No, me, the president. Best president ever. Oh. [cheerfully] Best president ever! And the president now likes our show again and our ratings are… up! Great. More on these tweets as they continue to suck the life out of our democracy. [buzzer sounds] [theme song playing] [Scooter] Great segment. [Sarah] Thank you! [narrator] Sarah wasnt sure the segment had gone great. She wasnt sure of much at all anymore. [heart beating] [Scooter] Uh, were ready for robot CEO. Im Sarah Cooper. [echoes] Im Sarah Cooper. Well be right back. [director] Were out. Do you know what I miss? Shawarma. I miss eating shawarma in a really crowded restaurant in close proximity to other diners. Yeah. People sitting two feet away from you just shoveling food into their disgusting mouths. [man] I miss that human connection. [director] Oh, Sarah. Hi. Why did you want to meet with us? You called me in here. [man] Okay, smarty pants. Lets look at your file and see how your ratings are doing. I forgot. I cant read. All right. [clears throat] Looks like 35% of our audience likes that youre Black, 30% of our audience doesnt like that youre Black, 50% of our audience doesnt know youre Black, but thankfully, 80% of our audience feels extremely threatened by you, Sarah. Its that attitude of yours. I dont think I have an attitude. [man] There it is. There it is. The boss didnt hire you to be aggressive. The boss hired you to be a non-threatening Black woman like Tootie and Lisa Turtle, and that other one. Lovable, but forgettable. Well, I think it might be a little confusing, because Im named Sarah, and I feel like when my parents named me Sarah, a white lady just moved into my body and gentrified my whole personality, you know? Like, my mom would cook jerk chicken– I love jerk chicken. He does. Hes a jerk. He loves the chicken. I love it. And Id be like, Oh, this is too spicy. And shed say, [in Jamaican accent] There are children around the world, all they get for dinner is bread and water. And Id be like, That actually sounds pretty good. Like, a scone and a chai latte. Yes, a scone and chai tea latte would be perfect. Any time of the day. Um… That would be really great cause I was born in Jamaica, but moved here when I was three. Jamaica. I knew it. I actually watched these characters when I was little. I mean, Tootie and Lisa and Hilary and… and… Um… And that other one. I mean, these characters inspired me, you know? I feel like they ran so that I could sing. But you cant sing, which is why youre on the morning show and not on Broadway. Okay, I will tone it down. [director] Yeah. Stick to the news. All right? Leave politics out of it. Got it. Thank you. [man] Better go. Yeah. Marv, do you think I should buy another gun? Lorraine, what are you talking about? Are you crazy? Of course you should buy another gun. Thank you. We live in very dangerous times. Youre right. [Scooter] Hey, pals. Hows it going? Hi! Scooter. Hey, Scooter. Whats going on here? [Scooter] This is to keep things safe, six-foot distance. Smart. Hes so smart. [Scooter] Well, as you were. See you later. [Lorraine] Thank you. [Marvin chuckles] Get the door on your way out? [Scooter] Sure. I cant touch the doorknob. Can you just shut the door, please? [Scooter] Its not me, its the door. [Lorraine] Gotta get some work done. If you could– Close the door! [Scooter] This has to get fixed. This is Connie Chung with the president this morning. Mr. President, what is your plan to unite the country? [Trumps voice] Im not a big fan of sharks either. I dont know how many votes Im gonna lose. I have people calling me up, Sir, we have a fund to save the shark, its called ‘Save the Shark.' I say, No, thank you. Oh, no. Mr. President, I was asking you about uniting the country. I think I am actually humble. Im much more humble than you would understand. [mutters] Mr. President, I asked you about– Excuse me. Stop and frisk. Okay? Stop and frisk. All right… Excuse me. You take guns away. Rudy Giuliani was a great mayor. He did it in New York. He started it and it worked great. Im sorry? Excuse me. You have people coming over with bags of soup, big bags of soup, and they lay it on the ground and the anarchists take it and they start throwing it at our cops. Bags of soup, big bags of soup. If it hits you, its worse than a brick cause its got force. So, that was my interview with the president. Hi, Im Steve Windell, and youre gonna love my new line of MrPillow feminine hygiene products. Because your vagina deserves a tampon as soft and absorbant as one of my pillows. Try our down-feather version, too! [woman] In these uncertain times, we turn to familiar faces. And since 1975, weve been there for you… Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. We had to go away for a while, but we knew it wouldnt be long. Orgies. Were back! [crowd cheering] Now with curbside pickup. [lullaby playing] [Trumps voice] Thighland! Thighland! The super-duper missile. Mmm! Did you make this coffee, Scooter? I did not. [buzzer sounds] [theme song playing] [Sarah] Welcome back to Everythings Fine. Big story this morning. As weve previously reported, a huge shake-up in the CEO world happened last Friday when we learned the CEO of Techtech Corp is actually a robot. Strangely, no one even noticed for several months. Live in studio via Camrojex technology, please welcome 8008s. Thanks, Sarah. Its great to be here. [Sarah] Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule. Well, I can multitask better than my human counterparts, Sarah. For example, right now, Im chatting with you, doing Joe Rogans podcast, and kicking off a workplace diversity program all at the same time. Okay, so is it safe to assume youre programmed to simply do everything your predecessors did? Unlike Elon Musk, I have a human side. [Scooter chuckles] Elon Musk. I was made by a great group of guys who really take social change seriously. For example, Im programmed with the complete knowledge of feminist content such as Sex and the City, Cosmo and Hot Girl Summer. Im not sure Id consider that feminist– Ive also learned about the Black experience in America by watching all three Barbershop movies, and the Beauty Shop spin-off. Okay, again, Im not sure we– Im sorry. Im being told that Im getting off track. As president and CEO, my number-one job is to make my shareholders happy. But thats kind of been the problem, hasnt it? Big businesses just focusing on money, making myopic business moves that leave the whole country with more disparity and… How are you doing that? Camrojex technology. Oh, wow. Just relax. This is really inappropriate. But technically, youre a robot and I havent had a massage in months. [sensual song playing] That feels incredible. [sighs] Hold on, we have some breaking news. Its been reported that Robot CEO 8008s has been fired by its board of directors after making unwanted advances toward an office printer. That printer knew exactly what it was doing. It was always asking me to make a copy. Because thats its job. And its not just a printer, it has a name. HP Printer/Scanner/Copier 500s, whose side of the story Im sure we all want to hear. Scooter, can we get HP Printer/Scanner/Copier 500s on the cloud system? Thank you so much for joining us, HP Printer/Scanner/Copier 500s. Tell us what happened. [beeping] Okay, wait, wait. Ill, uh… Ill make a public statement. Okay? Just give me two seconds to think. After eight months of careful soul-searching, Ive decided to address the hideous allegations against me. I have not, nor have I ever mistreated or abused a printer/scanner/copier. I value printers. My printer… is a printer. HP Printer/Scanner/Copier 500s, is there anything you want to say? [whirring and beeping] Sounds like were getting a fax. [fax machine printing] fuck you, 8008s. I will now step away to spend time with my family. [theme music playing] Wow. AI has come so far. [Scooter] Three, two, one. Were out. Cant believe hes a robot. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a big Allstate Arena parking lot welcome to Sarah Evak. [car horn honking] Thank you all so much. Hi, my name is Sarah Evak and Im a close-up card magician. Uh, Ive been doing this for, I dont know, ten years. Ive been everywhere. Singapore, you name it. Tonights show is at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont. Pretty exciting for me. [chuckles] Im going to begin by introducing you to my family. I call them my family because some I see often and others when I least expect them. Can everyone see these? Im going to shuffle these cards and you tell me when to stop. [horn honking] [Sarah] Okay, I havent started shuffling yet. [horn toots] Now Im shuffling. [horns honking] Got it. Now Im going to show you all this card. Can everyone see this card? [horns honking] Does anyone work here? [horns honking] Can you take this card and show it? Yeah. Dont show it to me. Oh, okay. During COVID, Im also a teacher in a Zoom Room. But this… This is where I come alive. Beep when youve seen it. And– [horn beeps] [horn beeps] [man] Ive never worked with a magician. I was a Frankenstein at a haunted house once, though. So, you know, Im used to being around performers. Is this your card? I had to get out of that racket cause of the Illuminati. You know, they want to get you. [horn beeps] Its like, not for me. Nope, Ill stick to parking lot attendant. Thats the life for me. Simple. [car horns blaring] I think it went okay. Yeah. I might have to buy giant cards for shows like these in the future. Um… I dont know. Theres a lot of beeping. So, when is this gonna be on? I just wanna make sure that I catch it. [man] Uh, sometime next year. Okay. Do you want to see another trick? No? Okay. [woman] We followed the guidelines. We reopened when it was safe. But now, its not safe again. [crowd] Aw! [man 1] Honestly? [woman] Orgies. Maybe later. [man 2] Damn it. Wonderful place. Wonderful. Oh, my goodness. Unbelievable. Oh, hello. My name is Natalie, and this is my husband, John. Hi, there. [chuckles] Welcome to Mar-a-Lago. We love it here. It is beautiful. You hear me? Oh, its gorgeous. I know what youre thinking. Do they allow Black people at Mar-a-Lago? Um, were here! Right? Laugh it off. We are Black-ish, though. Last time we checked. Last time we checked, we were. Yes. And weve actually met the president. He saw us… Yes, we did. …and he said that we are his two favorite Black people. And he says it every single time. Every time. Mmm-hmm. Such a charismatic personality he has. Hes such a celebrity. We actually got married here. Um, not in the big ballroom, but on the property. So it was still beautiful. Yes. Yeah. Were not allowed in there right now. Were not allowed in there yet, but there is a small room off to the side with a private entrance, very exclusive. [laughs] And they said we can go in there whenever we want. We can stay in there if we want to. Anytime. And then, one night, we actually got locked in there. And lets just say it was very fortuitous. Yes, it got kind of hot in there. [ominous music playing] We just love it here. Just surrounded by all our friends. Surrounded by all of our friends, which is the most important part. We got you in our hearts. Right on. [Sarah] If you like skateboarding dogs, youre gonna wanna stick around after Everythings Fine for Thinking Outside the Bachs with Jordana Bachman. [Jordana] I dont know what this is about to be, but okay! [Sarah] Coming up at the twelve oclock hour. Lets do the weather segment. Love the weather. Love the weather! [Lorraine] Mmm. [theme song playing] Okay, weather segment in three, two… And now, lets check in on how the skys doing today with our meteorologist, Andrea Steele. Thanks, Sarah. Well, were looking at some real clear skies today, up to 75 degrees. Absolutely beautiful out. Lets look ahead at the five-day forecast. Tuesday, were gonna see a bit of rain, but break out that summer gear as temperatures shoot up to a whopping 103 degrees. Wednesday, out of nowhere, theres gonna be a ferocious hailstorm with sustained winds up to 75-plus miles per hour. Scooter, you may wanna board up your windows. My windows are always boarded up. You know that weird house in your neighborhood thats got all the boards up in the windows, and everyone thinks, Is that an abandoned hospital? Thats my place. Excellent. Thursday, you might wanna break out the sunscreen again, because its gonna be a hot one. 123 degrees with a humidity index so high, a friend of mine who works at the EPA called me crying. Hes a grown man. Friday, we shoot down to negative 12 degrees with a windchill index we werent even able to calculate using a Doppler 8000 technology. Its gonna be a cold one, folks. Most likely not survivable, so wear a jacket. And Saturday, temperatures radically return to breezy 75 degrees. However, that isnt just a cute graphic we made up. Were actually projecting literal flaming snowmen to be walking the streets with some possible fire tornado watches in effect. Everythings fine with the weather. Im Andrea Steele. Back to you, Sarah. Andrea, Im sorry, but that forecast is– Insane? Uh, yeah. You think? I mean, Ive been doing the weather for 17 years, Sarah, and I have never seen anything like this in my entire lifetime. You think I like telling people theyre gonna die, or their skin might peel off if they run to the grocery store? No one should be going outside unless they absolutely have to. [heart beating] Scooter? [narrator] Everything was not fine. [exhales deeply] Scooter, are you asleep? [narrator] Had the world gone mad? Andrea, are you okay? [scoffs] Am I okay? This b!tch. Am I okay? Um… No, actually, cause we got a bat disease just floating around in the sky, theres a new natural disaster every motherfucking day, factories destroying the environment. Look at this damn forecast behind me. This is the first time Ive left my house in months! All it takes is one wrong motherfucker to breathe on me funny, and I swear to God… Scooter, are we still on a nine-second delay? The woman who presses that button stopped coming in weeks ago. Well, in that case, let me just say this. fuck, sh!tty, doo-doo, b!tch, and stay the fuck in your house. Reporting live from hell on earth, this is Andrea motherfucking Steele. Back to you, Sarah. That was great. Well be right back. [buzzer sounds] Great. Were out. Nice. Wow. So thats your house I walk by every day. [Scooter] Yeah. Ah. My kids are terrified to go past there. [chuckling] Thats the one. It doesnt look like anyones lived there in hundreds of years. [Scooter] Thats my place. [Andrea] Interesting. Well, its safe. Its spooky. [Scooter] Yeah. Its awful there. Everybody ready? Here we go. Five, four, three, two, one. Welcome back to Everythings Fine. Im Sarah Cooper. And now for our top story, an exclusive look inside that now-famous Access Hollywood bus. [mans voice] She used to be great. Still beautiful. [Trumps voice] I moved on her. She was down in Palm Beach. I moved on her and I failed, Ill admit it. Whoa. I did try and fuck her. She was married. Thats huge news there. [Trumps voice] No, Nancy… This was… And I moved on her very heavily. In fact, I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture. I said, Ill show you where they have some nice furniture. Took her out furniture– I moved on her like a b!tch. But I couldnt get there, and she was married. All of a sudden I see her, shes now got the big phony tits and everything. Shes changed her look. Sheesh, your girls hot as shit. In the purple. [all] Whoa! [Billy Bushs voice] Yes! Yes! The Donald has scored! [all laughing] Oh, my man! Wait, you gotta look at me when you… [indistinct chatter] Thumbs up. [Trumps voice] Youre a pussy. You gotta put the thumbs up. Gotta get the thumbs up. You cant be too happy. [man 1] Let me… [man 2] Thats funny. You and I will walk out. Oh, my God. [indistinct chatter] Maybe its a different one. Better not be the publicist. No, its her. [Trumps voice] Yeah, thats her. With the gold. I gotta use some Tic Tacs, just in case I start kissing her. Im automatically attracted to beautiful… I just start kissing them. Its like a magnet, I just kiss. [laughing] I dont even wait. And when youre a star, they let you do it. Just kiss. Just… You can do anything. Whatever you want. Grab em by the pussy. I can do anything. I can do anything. Those legs, all I can see is the legs. Oh, it looks good. Come on, shorty. Ooh, nice legs, huh? Oof. Get out of the way, honey. Thats good legs. Go ahead. Its always good if you dont fall out of the bus. Like Ford, Gerald Ford, remember? [Bushs voice] Down below. Pull the handle. Hello. How are you? Hi. [Zuckers voice] How are you? [Trumps voice] Terrific. Pleasure to meet you. You know Billy Bush? Hello, nice to see you. How you doing, Arianne? Im doing well, thank you. Ready to be a soap star? Were ready. Make me a soap star. How about a hug for the Donald? He just got off the bus. Want a little hug? [Trumps voice] Absolutely. Melania said this was okay. Hug for the Bushy? I just got off the bus. Oh! Bushy. [Bushs voice] Here we go. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Youve got a nice costar here. Yes. Absolutely. [Trumps voice] After you. [heart beating] Great. Were out. Nice. Scooter, what is happening? [both laughing] [Lorraine] This job is made for you, Marvin. Yeah, it keeps me out of trouble, as they say. Everythings fine. Three, two, one, and were in. Sarah. And now, a little preview of whats coming on after Everythings Fine. Well have Jordana Bachman of Thinking Outside the Bachs, followed by Sandy Manderson, Miyoko Loco, and then, Andre Cole Watkins of Watkins the News. Stick around, its gonna be a great day. Isnt it, Scooter? Miyoko Loco. [chuckles] A little help here. Save me. How about Sandy Manderson? Her face froze? Help. Tomorrow, something bad happens to your favorite celebrity. Well have a full report. Now, its over to Jordana Bachman for Thinking Outside the Bachs. Jordana, how are you doing? Im doing good, girl. How are you, sister-friend? Im doing so good. What do you got going on on the show today? Oh, well, let me tell you. A little bit of this, a little bit of that. Who knows? Its the news. Who cares? You know, Jordana, I just realized we dont have to do this anymore. You have to tell me. Do what? Do what? [laughing] This whole BFF handoff like were friends, laughing like we care about each other. We dont care about each other. [Jordana] That, girl, is good news, because everyone can see through the bullsh!t! I dont even know where you live. I dont even see you except in this TV screen. Thats how I feel, just seeing you through a little box. What have you been up to? Girl, Ive been up to so much. Ive locked up every Black man in my life. I put my dad in a closet, my brother in a closet, my uncle in a closet, to make sure they live another day. Wow. Where do you put your clothes? [laughing] Oh, my God. What are we doing? Scooter. Im sorry? And now, it is over to you, Jordana Bachman. Oh, no, girl, I couldnt. I couldnt. I have to pass it back to you, Sarah Cooper. Youre so funny. Back to you. Youre up next with Thinking Outside the Bachs. No, Sarah, you got this one. Take my three-hour show. No, I couldnt. I couldnt do that. Back to you, Jordana. Back to you. Scooter? Oof. [Sarah] Whered she go? Can we get Jordana back, please? [upbeat song playing] Jordana! Back to you! Back to you, Jordana. All right. Five, four, three, two… Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper, filling in for another three hours. Jordana Bachman of Thinking Outside the Bachs is taking a personal day. Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper. Thats a lot of news. And its Sarah filling in for Andre Cole Watkins. Five, four, three, two… Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper, covering for Andre Cole Watkins, host of Watkins The News. Is that a lot of news or what? Three, two… [mouths] Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper filling in for Miyoko Loco of Miyoko You Loco. Okay, Sarah. Three, two, one… Follow me. [laughing] [upbeat song continues playing] Ooh, weather. Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper. Im Sarah Cooper. And everythings fine. Im Sarah Cooper. Im Sarah Cooper and everythings fine. Everythings great. Its gonna be a great day. Im Sarah Cooper. [eerie music playing] Im Sarah Cooper. Good morning. Im Sarah Cooper. Im Sarah Cooper and everythings fine. Thats a lot of news. [evil laughter] [Sarah laughing] [Trumps voice] A lot of people are saying… Its called fake news. Nobodys ever seen anything like it. A lot of people are saying… Its called fake news. Nobodys ever seen anything like it. A lot of people are saying… Its called fake news. Nobodys ever seen anything like it. A lot of people are saying… Its called fake news. Nobodys ever seen anything like it. [Scooter] Great job, Sarah Cooper. Whered she go? Why is that chair spinning? Is that a ghost? [phone ringing] Yes? Oh, no. Everythings fine. Everythings fine. [Scooter] Sarahs doing great. Good morning. [Scooter] Shes doing very well. Great morning. Great… Hi! [shrieks] Oh, my God! Who are you? What are you doing down here? Im Lacy Groin, from Against the Groin? My show. Its on every night at 9:00. Oh, my God. Lacy Groin! Yeah. I love your show. Aw. Oh, thank you. Its been off the air for, like, four years. Four years? [heart beating] The last thing I remember was election night, and I started hyperventilating. I choked on my Invisalign, and then I guess I passed out under here. Its kinda weird nobody noticed. Yeah. I found this work environment to be pretty toxic. What did I miss? I want to know everything. Would you mind massaging my legs? I think theyre in atrophy. Cute shoes. Thanks. Thats a cute blazer. Thank you. So, tell me everything. What did I miss? You want to know everything? Oh, yeah. Everything. Heres everything. [gasps] [gasps] Oh. No. No, stop! No! Oh, God! What? Thats against the law. No, no! Yes, theres more! No, I cant. Oh, God! Look at me! [whimpering] Theres more! No! Theres more! No! I… I cant. Here. Oh. Oh, MrPillow. Hi. Thank you. Gracias. Mmm. See you later, Lacy. [jazz music playing] Scooter? Hello? [Marvin] Oh! [Lorraine] Marvin, youre crazy. [Marvin] Yes, I am. [both laugh] [Lorraine] But what if we slot the Iranian assassination in 2024? [Marvin] No, no, no. I would do it sooner because we want relations with Iran to go as poorly as possible. Put it in 2021. [Lorraine] Okay. Yes. What if we shave two tons off the Greenland ice sheet? Yeah, yeah, yeah. 2028 or 2022? 2027. And lets do something with bugs. I dont know. Hornets! Who love to murder. [upbeat music playing] [both] Murder hornets! Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah. And China seizes Hong Kong, 2028. And that pairs very nicely with the US gassing its own citizens. [giggles] Floods, 2026. What if Tom Hanks gets sick? Do it! Hes due! Kill off Mr. Peanut? Cancel Coachella. I hate those bands. Eating bats? I… No, thats too much. Lets set Australia on fire! Turn the sky red! [distorted voice] Do it all in 2020. Really, boss? Thats a lot for one year, Dark Lord. I said, do it all in 2020! [cackling] Okay, boss! [all laughing] [Satan speaks backwards] Uh, Satan. Sarah, I understand. Youre mad as hell, and youre not gonna take this anymore. Hmm? [Sarah] Um… [squelching] [speaking backwards] Scooter? Hey, boss. Hey, Scooter. I… I get it now. I didnt see that before. Howd you get in here? You should really get back to the desk. Back to the desk, Sarah Cooper. [both speaking backwards] I think I should go home. [speaking backwards] [Whoopis voice] What you gonna do, Satan? You know, weve tangled before. And you know what happened. Its Whoopi Goldberg talking to you now. What you gonna do? [in normal voice] Oh, my God. I dont know where that came from. [narrator] At this moment, Sarah Cooper realized it wasnt she who had lost her mind, it was the world. Scooter, help me out. Um… You should just take the afternoon off. I just went scuba diving. I love scuba diving. You scuba dive? Love it. Maybe we should give her a raise. A raise would be great. [both laughing] Im not gonna get a raise. I am a woman, so that does make more sense. Take all the time you need, Sarah. [in distorted voice] Never running out of news down here. Great. Okay. Well, I will just see you a little later. [upbeat music playing] [sighs] [Scooter singing] ? Its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? [Satan and Scooter] ? Its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? ? Its so nice ? [sighs] ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? ? Its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? ? Its so nice ? ? Ooh, its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? Ooh, its so nice ? ? In hell ? ? Its so nice ? ? Ooh, its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? [woman yelling] ? Its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? ? Its so nice ? ? Ooh, its so nice ? ? Its so nice ? ? Ooh, its so nice ? ? Its so nice ? ? Its so nice to be in hell ? ? In hell ? [woman] I live in a very small cave and I love it. I can have orgies every night. You name it. Orgies, Doritos. Maybe sometimes a Fanta. Its so nice. Im not lying. [chuckles] Sometimes I lie a little bit, okay. Take the candy, put it in your pocket. And you think of me later, okay? Okay, I love you.

VIR DAS@OUTSIDE IN – THE LOCKDOWN SPECIAL@2020@[soft piano music playing] [Vir Das] What youre about to watch wasnt supposed to happen. Its completely unscripted. It was totally unplanned. Its just… a moment in time. When the world shut down, we decided to do 30 shows for charity, just to raise money for COVID relief. And every night, Id ask people the same question. Whats the first thing youre gonna do, the first thing, when this world reopens? Welcome to lockdown day. I dont know what day it is. Thats the thing about the entire world going through the same thing at the same time. I guess its special. All right. Whats up! Whats up, everyone? Hello! Good evening, and welcome to what promises to be the strangest stand-up comedy gig that you and I have both ever been a part of. If youre not using earphones, what I ask is that you get as close to the device as you possibly can so that I can hear you laugh. Because if I cannot hear you laugh, then its just me in a room talking to myself, worried that Im going to die. Well begin with Indias official unity mantra against the coronavirus. On the count of three, everybody here will say, Go, corona, go, corona, go, corona, go. All right. Three, two, one… Go! [audience] Go, corona, go, corona, go, corona, go. Im not sure how this is going to go. Zoom shows, the future of stand-up… or the prelude to the death. Whats the first thing youre going to do once the lockdown ends? Wheres the girlfriend? Santacruz. You look very young. You look like youve just read Harry Potter. [audience laughing] Like youve just finished the last page of Deathly Hallows. How old are you? Seventeen. How long has it been since you saw the girlfriend? Two months. Two months! Thats like, way before the virus. I think she mightve left you, buddy, like… Just saying. Thats before the lockdown. -[audience laughing] She attended your show, er, two days ago on the 15th. So I got a recommendation from your girlfriend. That sounds wrong. No, no… [audience laughing] Comedically, fuck you, you tharki people, all right? I do not interact with 17-year-old girls ever, on policy, under any circumstances. [Sargam] Celebrate my birthday. Sargam, where are you joining us from? [Sargam] Chicago. Chicago? Jesus! What time is it there, darling? [Sargam] Oh, its morning time. Its 9:34. 9:34… I mean, where the fuck do you have to be, right? So, thats great. [audience laughing] Americans, you wake up really early. They get to work by 8 oclock over there, right? Thats how theyre the most powerful country… Er… Were the most powerful country in the world. Er… Before… Before somebody ate a bat… [all laughing] …and crashed your economy. A bat fucked your country. Your whole country from across the world. And you thought a butterfly had a big effect. [laughing] Thats the toughest thing about this virus. Its like we dont know who to blame. ‘Cause thats like the hallmark of being Indian, is before you solve a problem, you blame it on somebody else. And this is new territory for us. This is the first thing weve experienced in the last 73 years that is not Pakistans fault. [audience laughing] We are not used to things not being Pakistans fault. Now, all our politicians are on TV in masks. Its great. Its great to see conservative Hindu leaders dressing up exactly like the Muslim women they oppress. [audience laughing] Were allowed to meet one person from outside your family, out in a park, with two-meter distance. [all laughing] Who are you utilizing this rule for? Whos that person youre meeting? -Thats my girlfriend. -Your girlfriend? [all laughing] And when you… When you meet your girlfriend, your steady girlfriend, after six weeks… in a park… er… you intend to socially distance? I highly doubt that. Thats why I am not gonna meet her until the lockdown is over. Can you ima… Like, Im just picturing two people who are desperate and horny, standing two meters away from each other. And his girlfriend just going, Man, I wish your dick was bigger right now, I really do. That would be so much more useful. Eat food from my favourite place. Eat food. Okay, great. So, Srushti Shah, er… You know, Im glad you completed the sentence. You know what I mean? Where you were like, Eat food, and we all got worried about you. And then you were like, No, from my favourite place. We were like, Shes privileged. Its fine. We all got it then. It is okay. Yo, what are you studying? Fashion design. Fashion design. Okay, cool. Well pretend thats a course. No, Im joking. Im joking. In Gandhinagar? Yeah. Good. You know, Gandhiji was known for great fashion. Er… [audience laughing] He had that one outfit that was really popular, you know. And he designed it himself, and, you know, its… Okay. Did you hear that uncomfortable silence, Srushti? On the Zoom call. All right. Cool. Erm… I love Asian food. Okay. The place is called TGs. Thats the first place Im going for. Youre eating dal-sabzi and all at home? Haan. You know thats Asian food. [audience laughing] Oriental food. Im just putting it out there, like… Cool. You realize were not in Scotland right now. Technically, this is… [laughs] I may be in a place that the virus came from, normally. You live… Youre from Wuhan, really? No, no, no. Are you patient zero? You brought it over? Normally, I live and I work in China. I do think that its a lot worse than maybe what theyve let on. No. I mean, China is just like, No, thats not a body, thats a… Hes just sleeping, right? Thats basically all Chinas been doing. Weve absolutely no new cases. [imitates gunshots] [Upasna] Graduate. Upasna, graduate in what? Architecture from Manipal University. Architecture from Manipal University, which is half real. Lets be honest, all right. [audience laughing] The field of architecture is real, but Manipal University means, Papa gave 20 lakhs in a suitcase to somebody. Thats basically what that shit is, right? There are places in Gandhinagar where you can go. NIFT, Gandhinagar. NIFT, Gandhinagar, cool. Theres… Er… The National Institute of Fashion Technology, right? Thats what NIFT is? Yes. ‘Cause, you know, fashion is all about technology. Er… [audience laughing] You know, sometimes… [laughs] Sometimes, Ill put on a T-shirt and Ill be like, My God, this is hi-tech. You know… This is just… Whoever designed this… [chuckles] You know, when I eat Asian food, it just slides right off. How did they make that happen with this T-shirt? I think I made fun of the fashion girl a little too much. Like, no stylist is ever gonna work with me again. Its okay. Isnt it all just hazmat suits for the next fuckin decade? Asian food. Its… I had to, Im sorry. [man] Celebrate 420. Oh, man. Dont you have ganja? [man] No, bro. So, every time I go to a college, people write in there, Vir Das. ‘Babaji ki Booty. Do you wanna get high together, bro? You want to smoke a ‘J together, bro? And Im like, No! Can you imagine what would happen if you, a college kid, got high with me, a 40-year-old man? And youre like… [inhales deeply] Hey, Vir Das, do you feel like the moon landing was fake and they never told us about that shit? [audience laughing] You know, and Id be like, I have acid reflux. Like, you know… [laughs] It would just be such a sad day. Are you able to smoke in your house? Yeah. Late night, I sneak up to my terrace and do things when theyre sleeping. You realize they know, right? Theyre in their bed, like… [sniffs] Thats Manali. Thats whats happening in your house right now. Whats the first thing youre going to do after the lockdown ends? Somebody yell it out. [Tanay] Stay home. Who the fuck is that? What are you sitting on? Is that a video gamers chair? Is that what that is? Thats a gamers chair, yeah. Thats a gamers chair, yeah. [audience laughing] Just have some multivits, buddy, because… I mean… Gamer generation, you guys… You cant survive a peanut allergy. Im not confident of your abilities in a pandemic. I am sorry. If you had to go outside, where would you go, what was your thing? Clubbing. Whats your favourite club? It was Tryst, but then it shut down for renovation. Yeah, bro, I feel you. Tryst… [all laughing] Tryst. Tryst was lit AF. You know, like, just… You know, like, fuckin Friday night. Have like a… A Rooh Afza shot and build a world and… Head out to Tryst. [woman] Im from Dubai, UAE. Youre from UAE. Thats not really, yaar… Thats just… [audience laughing] Thats just India with cleaner and meaner people. If India loved architecture more and hated Indians more, thats Dubai. [audience laughing] So lockdown has been extended, again. And it will probably be extended again. And again… And again, and again, and… Whats the first thing you guys are gonna do after the lockdown ends? Yell it out. [man] Ill have ice cream. Is it not available where you are? [audience laughing] I think its not available anywhere. Because what were doing here, I dont know if you guys are doing this… Like, the package comes and then we sanitize the package. Er, and then, we take the food and immediately put it in another container and microwave that shit for 30 seconds to nuke all the fuckin… So just do that with your ice cream. Have some soup, man. [laughs] I dont know what else to… [audience laughing] Pranav, youre in Karnataka. What do you do, buddy? Er, actually, I was supposed… Im supposed to go to US for my studies. I am just waiting. [woman] Oh… Pranav, I have bad news. [Pranav chuckles] [woman] Aw… Er… And… But you have the visa and everything, its all done? No, no. Only I have admission and I have the date. [Pranav chuckles] [women] Aw… I hope it happens, man. I really, really do. Like, Im fuckin… Thanks. Im rooting for you. Like, positive energy from me to you. Its completely unrealistic, but still, from me to you. Yes. [audience laughing] [Vir Das] I know what it is to have that feeling, you know, firsthand. That feeling of, er… I wanna go to America. My lifes gonna change. Everythings gonna be… I hope this kid makes it there before this virus kills that feeling. ‘Cause that feeling is important. [chuckles] I was feeling sorry for myself before the show. This kid is going through that. He just wants ice cream. Thats what he wants. Ice cream. And I need to toughen the fuck up and… keep doing this. Whats your name? Hillary. Hillary? [Hillary] Yeah, from Moscow. Hillary from Moscow, really? Oh, so… Oh, wow… So you are Mr. Hillary Dsouza. Good to see you, sir. Thats right. Thats right. That was not the surname that I was expecting when I heard Hillary. [all laughing] Im gonna be very honest, I thought of an unhappy wife. Er… Millennials, thats a Hillary Clinton joke, never mind. Well get to it. Its the news. [indistinct chatter] Its fine. No, no, no… She didnt win. She doesnt deserve your laughter. [Hetika] Go attend my dance class. Non-virtual. Hetika. Whats up, Hetika? What kind of dance? Erm, so Im learning bhangra currently. Yo, lady. You dont have to learn bhangra. I dont think theres bhangra classes. -[audience laughing] There are. A more formal way of it. But, yeah. What happens in bhangra class? Er, sastriyaakaal, welcome to… [laughs] [Hetika] That. Just that and– Welcome to bhangra class. There are two buttons on ceiling. Hit buttons. I dont know what the… Absolutely. For some reason, Indians do bhangra to classic rock. I dont know if youve like– Oh, God. Thats horrible. Theyre like, ‘November Rain, bhenchod. Like, you know… Its just… [audience laughing] I love it when we make white people do bhangra, cause theyre so happy to be included, right? Theyre just like… I think they forgave us. [audience laughing] [woman] Houston, Texas. Houston, Texas. What time is it there? 8:30 in the morning. Jesus Christ! [laughs] Youre watching stand-up for breakfast? Are you fuckin serious? Ive never had a gig where somebody eats poha in the middle of the gig. Thatd be fuckin great. Did you see Donald Trump today? It was great. He said, You can inject disinfectant into your body. If you inject disinfectant into your body, you dont have to worry about the coronavirus. You know what Im saying? Or even cleaning your house anymore. You have other worries, like, you know… Flowers, food, the size of the coffin, you know. Other things that you need to… to think about, man. What a train wreck, your guy is. But Im really sorry. But, I mean, at least you have, like, some 500 trillion dollars or whatever, right? At least, you know… At least Donald Trumps plan is not… [imitates Trump] Er, I want everyone to go to the balcony at 8:00 p.m. Like, at least thats not the plan. [all laughing] Can you imagine if that was Donald Trumps plan… [imitates Trump] Er, we have the best balconies and I want everybody to go to the balcony at 8:00 p.m. and light a candle. We have the best candles in America. God bless America, God bless American candles. Good night, were all gonna die. Like if that was… [laughs] Er, whats the first thing youre gonna do once the lockdown ends? Somebody yell it out. [Ashish] Haircut. Ashish, you look all right, though. -Like, its… [Ashish] No, like… If you look at my beard, its too much than what I have normally. So, yeah. Beard and hair. I mean, were all being polite right now, and ignoring the fact that you need somebody else to trim your beard. Which is… [audience laughing] Just the most privileged fucking thing in the world. The thing is that I actually used to do that– No, but Ramu does it so much better. [audience laughing] Ramu gets in there, where I dont want to go. Barber… When I go to the barber– Shut up. Dont explain your privilege, own it. [audience laughing] Its either been, like, close to two months or 16 years since the lockdown began and… We took a little bit of a break from doing the shows because I was going through… some stuff. And now we are back. People come and see a Vir Das show, they come to forget about their shit. They dont come to see mine. So… put your shit away. ? Put your shit away… ? [woman] So, its 6:50 a.m. right now. 6:50 in the morning. You got up to see a comedy show with your boyfriend? Oh, wow. So, marriage maybe after this? [chuckles] Oh, my God. Okay, its too early for this. Its too early for this, as in 6:50 in the morning or in life? What are we talking about exactly? Is it like… Whats the problem? Is it… I should go. [in Hindi] I havent graduated or I havent taken a dump? [in English] What is the actual problem? [man] Go back to Canada. Go back to Canada. Aw… [audience laughing] Me and my girlfriend, shes on the call here. We came here for our engagement ceremony. And are you guys at least together in India right now? No. Shes in Ahmedabad. I am in Baroda. You flew from Canada… [audience laughing] …to India, to symbolically and romantically be together. And the minute you conducted a ceremony that binds you together for life, you fuckin separated… [audience laughing] … and went to different cities. [man] To do the ceremony. I feel like you deserve this predicament. Youre just making bad choices in this relationship. I dont think you understand the delicate interplay between romance and geography. Er… [audience laughing] [Monika] Hug people. Monika, youre gonna go out and hug people? Im of the same opinion as you. I feel like, the second theres… Forget a vaccine, I feel like, a cure, we are just gonna be touching the shit out of each other. [all laughing] In a non-creepy way. Creepy is such a relative thing. I am kidding. [audience laughing] I was thinking about that the other day. If we get back to offices with social distancing, thats gonna be terrible for the Me, Too guys, right? Where everybody is like six feet away. Just a lonely M.J. Akbar in the office. [audience laughing] [imitates M.J. Akbar] Youre sexy. Like, I dont know… So, you know, every time I do this piece to cams in my own… private reality show that nobodys watching, I, er… I come off as a bit of a bitch. Despite myself, Im looking forward to todays show. One for you, Zoom. First thing youre going to do once the lockdown ends and were all allowed outside. Yell it out. Ride my bike. I mean, go riding, as in riding. I never understand when guys are like, Dude, I rode my motorcycle. No, you didnt. Its not like you showed up and your Harley was just there running wild like… [huffs, snorts] And youre like, Whoa, Harley, whoa. [snorts] [audience laughing] And then your Harley Davidson took off. Youre like… And you have to jump on to it. Did I tell you, I almost bought a Harley? Like, I almost… And then I realized, Oh, fuck, Im actually not an alpha. And I think the way that you know that is the way my hands went like that. You know, guys, Im actually not an alpha. fuck this virus. fuck the bat. [man] Play football. This isnt one of those fantasy things where a lot of guys who cant play football get into a room together– No, no, no. Play actual, physical football. Whats your position? What do you play? I play right-winger. You play right-winger? Cool. Im a left-winger myself. Erm… [audience laughing] We have different goals. You know. I wanna score a goal, you know, get a penalty. You guys wanna build a statue that nobody wants. [audience laughing] [Erika] I can go out all day. You can go out all day? One second. Whats up, Erika, where you from? I am from Costa Rica. Youre from Costa Rica? Is there any, erm… Are there COVID patients in Costa Rica? Are there cases or not? No, we can go out all day. Its fine? Everythings cool? Yes, everythings okay. Under control. Okay, I know youre alone in the room, but can you feel the resentment from everybody else? [audience laughing] I can feel it. International, guys. [all laughing] Yeah. Hey, other Indian comedians, do you have unemployed people from COVID-free countries as your families? I think not. [Shreya] Go on a cruise. Go on a cruise. Who the fuck said that? Shreya, you have no fuckin understanding of how science works? Have you not read every news article ever… that has come out in the last… And where are you going in this cruise? I dont know. Just to… I just wanna be… I dont know. I just wanna be stuck on a ship with some people and a virus. Thats my plan. [boy] Gonna turn 16 tomorrow. Youre 15 years old? Yes. Buddy, dont take anything I said seriously, all right? [audience laughing] Like, dont tell anyone you were at this show, all right? Just… Its all confidential. Dont worry. Who bought the tickets? I did, myself. You have a debit card at 16? Yes. Are you doing child porn on the side? What the fuck is happening? -Why do you have– No, not at all, sir. Im not insinuating that you do child porn. Usually, you get recognized. Like somebody on the Zoom call be like, Yeah, are you… [audience laughing] …Chintu69? Er… Just a second. Just a second. Is somebody knocking on your door right now? [man] Yes, yes, yes. [all laughing] Is that your mom, or your girlfriend? Who is that? Its my mom, actually. I have to take care of my sister, so shes calling me. Buddy, go do your thing. No, Im not going to, actually. Im talking to you. -How old is your sister? -Shes only five years old, actually. Shell survive, five is enough. [audience laughing] Thats fine. You dont need to feed them or educate them. Shell be fine. fucker, go take care of your sister. Im not having, like, some, er… child malnutrition on my conscience, you know. Ive got enough. I did Mastizaade. I feel guilty enough about my life. [woman] From Spain. From Spain? Good Lord, hello. Nice to see you. It looks like youre looking up so youre watching me on a television? Yes. Computers broken. All right, so then Ill try and make this look like it should. Hello. How are you? Er… [audience laughing] Is that helping you at all? Or not. Are you scared, are you nervous? Like, you know… Or are you just happy to see the fuck out of each other? Its weird. Its weird because, like, er, Spanish are very sociable people. So when you meet somebody, you just kiss. Well, on the cheek. -[audience laughing] -So, its… Social distance is… We have a town called Delhi. Its the same way, but thats not, you know… Not quite as consensual as you guys. Yeah, thats what happens in Delhi. [kisses] [in Hindi] fuck off, motherfucker. [in English] Madam, I am being Spanish, okay? Spanish. Er, Im in Ireland right now. Im Indian, but I am, at the moment, Im in Ireland. You know, I guessed you were Indian from the, Charu… [mumbling] [audience laughing] So youre stuck in college? Well, I wouldnt call it stuck. Okay. Because were still, like, free to go outside on walks, like… Grocery shopping, and we can go out cycling and stuff like that. So I wouldnt say, like, Im stuck. All the other Indians are sitting there like… [in Hindi] Motherfucker. You fuckin… [in English] Shes in a Spanish village, fuckin drinking Prosecco. This chick is chilling and going out on her bicycle. Er, Im doing masters in Biomedical Engineering. Do you believe that? You believe we are headed for a vaccine September, October types? I highly doubt that, just because the whole process of actually getting a vaccine is so long. You have to, like, sleep with a Poonawalla, you know, its tough, er… [audience laughing] Let me tell you, thats an inside joke. All right, cool. Just me? All right. Today is our first show for London. Er… Yay. Lond, Lond, Lond, Lond, Lond… Im never gonna get to go to London again. [woman] Go to the pub. Go to the pub? Okay. And whats your pub drink? Whats the first thing… What do you start the night with? Of course, a martini. A martini. Why is that of course, a martini? Maybe you want a beer. Like, I dont know, if like… Im not from, er, London. I dont know why I got Indian when I said that shit. [in Indian accent] Im not from London, son. No pubs for you. And give Kohinoor back. [audience laughing] Just got married in India on March 13th, the day the world went to shit. And we… Our marriage… Nice. So youre having like a fuckin pandemic honeymoon. This is great. [audience laughing] Is your kid gonna be… Your kid has gotta be called Corona. Thats just gotta be a thing that happens. Okay, it is, er… 7:00 a.m. on a Sunday and… Im about to do stand-up comedy for people in New York. This is so fuckin weird. [man] Get a haircut. Get a haircut. Theres a sardar on the… Jaswin, I hope thats not you. That wasnt you. All right, cool. [all laughing] Jaswins just sitting there like, When the lockdown is done, Im done with this Sikhism, I gotta say. [audience laughing] [Asmita] Get my eyebrows done. Get your eyebrows done. [audience laughing] Same, girl. Need it. Okay, admin, mute her. I thought this would be good. But fuck this, this is just a… Okay. No, lets talk about this. Can you not do it yourself? Like, is that not a… Tweezing eyebrows is serious business. You dont mess around with that. Why? Whats the worst case scenario? Youd just look surprised by life. [audience laughing] Youre just like… Your friends are like, Wow, Asmita really enjoyed that Starbucks. You know what I mean? Ive been to Starbucks with her every day for a decade, but she really got into it today, I gotta say. In India, people are like… [in Hindi] Im not getting any food… Workers are migrating, this and that. [in English] Here its like, I cant get my eyebrows done, and I cant drive my car. You fuckin privileged motherfuckers. [woman] No, it was a hospital birth. Erm, but it was just really odd. We didnt have… Like, a nurse wouldnt come to touch me or anything. So I just had to pretty much have the baby alone. Thats insane. So like, for the first time in history, the dad and the nurse have swapped. -‘Cause now the dad is doing all the work. -[audience laughing] And the nurse is just eight feet away like, Youre doing great. [audience laughing] The baby comes out, looks at the dad, and the babys like… Is he the doctor? Why is he crying? I heard a pretty good story about the virus today. [man 1] Bat ate a fruit. Dropped the fruit. A pig ate it. [audience laughing] The pig got, whatever, cut, slaughtered. Mmm-hmm. Went to that Wuhan wet market or whatever. Okay. Somebody bought the pig. The chef took it to a hotel. Okay. Somebody called him to say, Compliments to the chef, so he just wiped his hands, went and shook hands with him. Okay, so I just wanna say, if this is true, then you are a man of average intelligence and good information. [audience laughing] But if youre fuckin with me, then youre a pure genius. I just love the confidence. [imitates man 1] Bat. Ate the pig. Then the pig… [man 2] Im from India, stuck in Singapore. Plan was to call my wife here. Okay. But suddenly this pandemic thing, stupid thing came in. All right, cool. I know, the virus is very stupid. Were the smart ones. [audience laughing] It is day 9,562, and the virus continues to endure. It is like Rocky, part 19. [flushing] Like, I promise you… Is somebody in the toilet? I just heard a flush. Did you guys fuckin hear that shit? [audience laughing] You fuckin hear that shit? [woman 1] Someones in the toilet. Someone is taking a dump during my show and its not me. [woman 2] This is epic. This is epic. ? Me, ma, me, ma, me, ma, me ? Im in Madrid right now. I, er, dance flamenco here in Spain. Ooh, nice. So Im just waiting to put on the flamenco shoes. I think you can do flamenco dancing socially distanced. Because flamencos like a girl who does that stuff and does the tap, tap, tap, with her feet. And then two meters away is just a guy with a guitar looking at her hornily, right? Thats basically flamenco. Thats what that is. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Hes like… [imitates guitar strumming] Thats it, thats the dance. Yeah, lot of sexual tension. Hes like… [imitates guitar strumming] Shes like… [taps feet] Stay away. Hes like, But I love you… [imitates guitar strumming] I can see it in your eyes that you want me. Shes like, I will hide my eyes, then. Tsk. So, two nights ago, er… We begin with funny man Vir Das, whose neighbour threatened to cough on him. Probably the craziest night Ive ever had in Mumbai. Er… The older gentleman sneezed on me. Er, and were okay. You know, we… We sorted it out. Were friends now. But Im just gonna tell you the story. [clicks tongue] Sneezing on someone is such a fuckin intimate act, you know? It requires, like, consent and proximity, neither one of which I gave. [audience laughing] I wanted to… He was like, Youll be haunted, and I didnt respond to that. ‘Cause Im very scared of ghosts. Ive had, like, a ghost experience in my life. Like, it was in college where, er… [chuckles] I was… I was lying on my bed and I felt somebody sit down on the bed. There was nobody else on the bed. And I knew there was a ghost in the room. And then in my ear, I heard somebody go, [hoarse whisper] Do you have any ganja? [audience laughing] And I was like, What? And the ghost was like, Yeah, bro, you have any stash? Theres no stash in heaven. And I was like, Why is there no stash in heaven? And he was like, Think about it, bro. Plants cant grow on clouds. [audience laughing] And I never thought about that before. Plants cant grow on clouds. Do you know what that means? There are no vegetarians in heaven. [audience laughing] I think thats why they call it heaven. Er… [audience laughing] And I called my lawyer in the middle of the night and shes like, This happened. Put it up. And now, every single news outlet and Twitter outlet, and were on the fuckin TV, is carrying this. And Im positioning like I have a sense of humour about it, right? I have to get a fuckin COVID test now. He pulled down his mask and he was like… He was like… Achew! Like, thats what happened. [audience laughing] It was really sweet. Like that was the sneeze. He was like… Achew! I feel like what happened was, in his mind, he was like, Im gonna sneeze on him, and his body was like, No, youre gonna cough on him. [audience laughing] And then it just got combined. Your body will do that sometimes. Youre like, Im gonna laugh, and your body is like, No, youre gonna fart and shit your pants a little bit. [audience laughing] And Im a comic. I know my job. Im a comic. I will take this shit and I will write jokes about it. Everybody said, Why didnt you hit the man? And the only thing I can think of is somewhere in my mind and in my body, I was like, Dont do this. I have a future. I cant get cancelled right now. I have a future. How do I even talk to a therapist about this? Theyd be like… Yeah, Im just gonna refund this session because… they did not teach me this at the University of… Bughtown. Bughtown? Its such a pain in the ass to be 40 years old and now find out that youre a fuckin optimist. [audience laughing] You know, its like finding out youre diabetic, you know what I mean, its like… Oh, I have to change my whole life now, man. fuck! I have to give up stuff that I like, sugar and self-pity. [woman] No, no, but Im American. An American who is in Delhi, so Im from outside of the country. Nice! Yeah, so how long have you been a refugee? [woman] Almost three years now. Almost three years. And whats your line of work? [woman] Its, erm, an adjustment. Im not okay with the locusts coming our way. Im not okay with that. I can survive the heat, I can survive the dust storms, I can survive the politics, but I draw the line at biblical plagues. Okay, cool. Like every American, that was not the answer to my question, and too much information. [audience laughing] I had asked you what your line of work was. What do you do for a living? [woman] I am a travel agent. We actually got 4,000 American citizens out. We arranged flights for each one of them. Well done! Give her a round of applause. Thats well done to you. Thats great, you know? [all clapping] You know, just taking them out of India, where there are very few cases, and sending them to America. [audience laughing] [laughs] Good for you. Taking them from India where hydroxychloroquine costs 20 rupees, to America… where the medical insurance system is not flawed at all to charge you 3,000% of what the medicine actually costs. [woman] But I chose to stay. [man] Paris. [Vir Das] Youre in Paris? How is the situation in Paris? Its opening up, right? There are no tourists and everywhere is free, so its a lot of fun. Dont act like a fuckin French person and be all egocentric about this shit. That you have a… To say shit like that, you have to have a French accent. [in French accent] It is lovely, there are no tourists, I can smoke and… I can have this existential misery that is so typically French. [in normal voice] Like, thats… But youre like, No, there are no tourists, were liking it very much, Paris is beautiful. Like, its that… Youre too friendly to pull off French smugness, Im sorry. [woman 1] Im from Melbourne. Kind of confused as to what I want to do. Okay. Im moving on. I cant hear you. Im sorry. We dont have this kind of time. A, these tickets dont cost enough for me to get into therapy with people and shit. This is 4.99 for charity. [woman 2] Were from Lagos. [Vir Das] Youre in Nigeria right now? What time is it right now in Africa? Those are two thumbs up, but can you tell the time? [chuckles] [all laughing] [woman 3] Im an anthropologist. All three of us are. fuckin hell! That is, like, the weirdest threesome Ive ever seen. No. Its just a strange… Im just saying… that if the guy on the left developed an alcohol problem, hed become the guy on the right. You know what I mean, its… Maybe I should just do the show like this, haan? Hey, guys. Er… Lockdowns going really well. [laughs] [inhales] I will clean myself up. I am gonna make some people laugh. [Sharique] Sheesha. [Vir Das] Sheesha is not available to you? Im staying with a kid, four months old. I cannot bring that home. And your kid does not like doing sheesha? [audience laughing] Sheesha… [Sharique] Definitely not. Sheesha is not a good substitute for a mothers teat? [laughing] [Sharique] Definitely not. Listen, beta, weve got… [laughs] Listen, beta, weve got no lactose, but try this apple. [inhales deeply] Cough freely without being conscious that somebodys gonna judge you. I work for an airline. Its a good place to be coughing. [all laughing] Are you cabin crew, or do you work in, like, the offices? Er, the office. -All right, great. Working from home. Nice. Because you just dont want cabin crew like… [coughing] Veg or non-veg, coming down the aisle. [audience laughing] [woman] Ive come from China. I need to go back. So the first thing I need to do is go to the airport, take a flight and go back home. Okay. And when did the mental problem start? [audience laughing] Youre trying to get back into China? They shut borders to the world, like… Wow, thats like all of their history. [audience laughing] Today is, er… hmm, a bit of a crazy day. I, er… I got featured in a magazine called Q. Much of my idols were on there. Like Seinfeld, Ellen DeGeneres and Letterman and Chappelle and Chris Rock, etc. I had like a small feature. And… I was reading the bigger features and I saw Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock talking to each other in a café. And they… talked about me. As in, I came up. It wasnt like they got together… [chuckles] [imitates Chris Rock] Jerry, we got to talk about Vir. No. No, thats… Theyre talking about many things and I happen to come up. Jerry Seinfeld told Chris Rock, erm, I saw this Indian guy, Vir Das. Saw some of his stuff. Hes a really funny guy. Across the world. Im sitting in… a 100 square-foot room in Bandra. And… in a café in New York… Jerry Seinfeld is telling Chris Rock… that Im funny. Vir actually turns, er, 36… erm, on Sunday. No, fuck off, Kavi. -I wanted to sing Happy Birthday to him. No, dont do this shit. Please dont do this shit. Its embarrassing. One, two, three. [all singing] ? Happy birthday to you ? ? Happy birthday to you ? Its my birthday tomorrow. [indistinct singing] In this moment… I feel eight years old. Isha Paliwal, is this your lovely baby in the frame? No, Im her aunt. Okay, great. Thats somebody elses baby that you have put on camera without their consent. [all laughing] Shes just your youngest fan. [woman] Aw… I… How am I supposed to communicate with the baby? What do you think is gonna happen right now? Oh, well, she can reply, Hmm, hmm, hmm… Great, er… [audience laughing] Hello, baby. Thank you, baby, for watching this Zoom call. And I apologize, baby, for the pandemic that is out there even though you dont fuckin know what a pandemic is. [audience laughing] Its not working, Isha. I tried, all right? fuckin hell. This… Like, Im sorry. Im sorry. No, no. Im very sorry. Like, Im really good on feedback and trying to improve my craft, but this fuckin baby is a bad audience member. All right. Thats what Im gonna say. This baby is a terrible audience member and does not belong at a stand-up comedy show. [Yuvan] London. Youre in London right now? This is your lovely friend, or… This is my lovely friend. Her names Emily. Emily, you guys are seeing each other? Absolutely. Great, and, er, marriage on the cards? Oh, gosh, no. Oh… [all laughing] Ive never had a breakup on Zoom before. I think this might be my first, guys. This is great. Oh, fuck, no. He couldnt control it, you know? Emily, you like this Indian man, yeah? Well, not right now, no. [all laughing] Oh, Yuvan, enjoy the other bedroom and/or sofa tonight. So every time I do a show, er, when you open the door, Im gonna show you what happens. Er… First thing when you open the door. You ready? Hang on. Let me put this viewfinder… This is the door to my study. Every time you open that door… what you see… [chuckles] is the one audience member who has watched… many, many shows. Which one of you is Smarnika, because if… This one. I said that. Because if the three of you are Smarnika, then its like one of those OSHO ashram things, you know what I mean? Like you are… All women are Smarnika. [all laughing] You must find your inner Smarnika. Release your Smarnika. Oh. [audience laughing] Its so strange that, you know, the western sexual revolution throughout history has been driven by Indian men who, back home, nobody wanted to fuck in the first place. [woman] Im in Bombay. Youre in Bombay. I wanna have Thai food so Ill go to Nara Thai. Like, they fry the betel leaf and then theres this chutney type thing that comes along which is amazing. [laughs] What the… Okay, Im not gonna pretend to know. What the fuck is a betel leaf? [man] Paan ka patta. [in Hindi] You shouldve said that. Woman from Thane. [all laughing] [in English] Ill have a betel leaf. [laughs] [all laughing] Paan patta. Paan. [audience laughing] [in Hindi] Say, Paan, not betel leaf. [in English] I love it, man. I feel… Betel leaf sounds like a safe word during sex, you know what I mean? [audience laughing] You know, couples have safe words, you know? I feel like, she sticks a finger up your ass, youll be like, Betel leaf, betel leaf. [audience laughing] And when she doesnt get it, youre like, Paan ka patta, paan ka patta. Pull it out. [audience laughing] Last show. I am, er… leaving tomorrow. [man] Live the same way. Er, Malhar Broker? -Yeah. -Okay, is your last name Broker? -Yeah, yeah, yeah. [laughs] Are you a broker? Er, no. No, of course, yeah, why would you be? Thats, yeah… Cool. No, my last name is Das and Im not a servant. Its okay. [audience laughing] All right. Malhar, what do you do? Im a baker now. [Vir Das laughing] Youre called Broker Baker? Broker… [audience laughing] [Malhar] Nice name. Broker Baker. Youre just gonna go out and bake more bread for the city of… Mumbai? Ahmedabad. Of Ahmedabad? Youre… Youre in a bakery in Gujarat? Yeah. [audience laughing] I dont think I have to say it. But I think you know what Im thinking of. [all laughing] Im just gonna move on really, really quickly. [man] I dont know how to go to settings, to get out of privacy thing. [all laughing] Er, so, Uncle, what you do is, you go to the top right. I cant believe… Ishaan, why do I have to explain technology to your fuckin parents, dude? [audience laughing] Dad, its on the top right. Dad, its on the top right. [man] Son, I did that. I just switched in the start window. Ishaan, he did that shit. [all laughing] [man] This sounds complex. Its very complex. Ishaan, you shouldve trained your parents better. -Im just saying, all right? -I know, I know. [Vir Das] What did your mom want? [Aneyant] She wanted to watch it, too. Of course shes welcome to watch it, dont be silly. If she wants to sit down and… yeah. Er… Why am I trying to peek like I can see through your… [all laughing] Hi, Aunty. Why am I bending again? Good evening. Your son is learning a lot in this show. Er… Aunty, do you know about the girlfriend? Yeah, I… I have some, erm… You know. [all laughing] This is gonna be a silent fuckin dinner at home, right? You embarrassed the shit outta me, Mom. In front of that old-ass comedian. [audience laughing] Hes a sweet kid. He was. [Vir Das] Cole. Nicole, er… Shiflet? Hey, Im a healthcare worker. Youre a healthcare worker? Round of applause, immediately. Lets do it, come on, guys. Well done. So is Dr. Sujay Jaju with us this evening? Yes. Are you here, sir? You know, I say that in public all the time, just to get a round of applause. Thats what I do. Youre isolated in Mumbai and youre watching my show as youre isolated in Mumbai. [Sujay] Yes, I am. Er, and so, this is your day off? It is. Im a night shifter. Youre a night shifter. I work in the emergency department. Im a paramedic. How are you feeling? Ill begin by asking, hows your health? Er, its improving each day. Like, I had a bit of fever and also stuff… COVID-related complex… But I am doing great. Yeah. Youre a paramedic in the ER? God, so youve had a long, I imagine, three months, right? -Yeah. For sure. And I imagine youve seen some stuff. Do you know how you got it? Where you got it? [Sujay] Er, actually, I was posted in COVID duty. I was posted in medicine merge for over a month. So, I might have contracted, er, the infection over there. But I know that Ill come back stronger. Sir, I promise you two things, all right? Well, tonights show is entirely dedicated to you. You have my word as an artist that I will make sure it reaches the maximum amount of people that I can make it reach. It is your day off and Im gonna give every ounce of my being to make sure that you have a good day today. Yeah, its definitely not as scary as we think. Actually, its been made a lot, er, scarier by the people. We all know the basics of this thing. [Sujay] Yeah. Wash your hands, dont touch your face, touch your balls. Exactly. We all know the… [audience laughing] Obviously. [audience laughing] Youre in isolation. You understand as well, Doctor. [Sujay] Yeah. Thank you for everything youre doing. Dont be silly. Look, the entire show is in Hindi. Erm… [audience laughing] I, erm… Erm… Twelve years now, and it takes a lot to surprise me in this profession. We started doing these shows because we had to. For charity. And it was important and… I was a little bit cranky about it because I was like, I dont know if thisll work. For the first time, Im looking into my audiences houses. Thats a very weird thing to happen as an artist, you know, where the soundtrack to my life has been laughter. Every evening, I hear laughter. And I never thought that I would hear this much laughter in a lockdown. For the first time, I can see you, and your life. As opposed to you just coming and seeing me. From… everywhere in the world. So I… I thank you. Because, erm… So its really strange. Ive been performing for you over a decade, but its like weve just met. You know, this show is for charity and weve raised money, and I hope youve had a good time as well, but… it is deeply… meaningful to me, to be able to practice my art form in this. You know, its not when theres a cure, its when… Its when you no longer fear death, I, as an artist, get to live again. And thats very ironic. To wait on that. And not drown. Or get rusty. And the fact that we have a healthcare worker today, I… I dont think that this could be more perfect to wrap it up, because… This is my last show. Erm… Its true. ‘Cause we leave Bombay tomorrow. I should… I should show you the room. Why the fuck not? This is where Ive lived for the last few… Thats the desk. Erm… Its kind of a wall with all my posters. Thats my books and my hats. And tomorrow… I hope the universe pays you and every healthcare worker tenfold, ten thousand fold. And thank you for everything that you do. And thank you so much for watching the show tonight, guys. I hope you had a good time. [soft guitar music playing] Bye. [Vir Das] Whatever it is that you want to do when the new world reopens, I hope you get to do it. And I hope youre safe. In case you were wondering what we did the second the world reopened… Well… [upbeat music playing]

LARRY THE CABLE GUY@REMAIN SEATED@2020@[Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, Larry, The Cable Guy! [crowd cheer and applaud] All right. Thank you. Please remain seated. Do not rush the stage. Thank you. Well, this is awesome.! Who cancelled? Thank you so much… for having me. This is a good-looking crowd. Ill tell you what. Right now, Cracker Barrels wondering where all the regulars are, right? Look at this. This is good-looking! Well, good to be in Joliet! Thats right. [crowd cheer and applaud] I bet thats the first time you ever heard that. [all laughing] Im only kidding. Hey, Im glad– Hey, look, I gave up a colonoscopy to be here, all right? So… This is a big deal for me, too, so thank you for coming. Daggum good-looking folks in Illinois. Ill tell you that much. I love you, which begs the question, What state are you from? [all laughing] Im only serious. All right, anyway. No, Ill see you at the house. God bless you. Thank you. Were gonna have fun tonight, I tell you. Id done a show last night, and the folks that didnt walk out on me really enjoyed it, so, uh… I always like to picture everybody naked when I first come out. You know, Im not nervous or nothing. Im just a pervert, so… [all laughing] Daggum, you need to put your clothes back on right here. -Aah, what is that? [crowd laughing] [chuckles] You should picture me without clothes on. Then youd be laughing so hard, I wouldnt have to tell any jokes up here. Sorry about my outfit. I just come from a wedding, so I apologize for that, but… It was a weird wedding, too. They had the father-daughter dance. They ended up leaving together. [all laughing] All right, one more joke like that, Im getting the hell out of here, all right, cause th-thats uncalled for, right there. I guess I should do this. Git-R-Done! [all cheering] Thats right, Git-R-Done! You know, the first phrase– That wasnt my original phrase. The first one Id come up with was Yipper-dipper-ripper-scripper! [crowd chuckles] I know, right? It wouldnt fit on a hat, plus, I dont know what the hell it means! All right? No idea. I was going to, uh, work out, this morning, but, I, uh– I woke up with a sweat, so I figured I already had done there, so, uh… [crowd laughing] Almost didnt make it here tonight. Uh… I hate flying in airplanes. I had to fly to meet my bus, and I hate flying them daggum airplanes, and the daggum airport wouldnt let me bring my emotional support stripper with me on the airplane. [all laughing] I aint kidding. When that plane gets a-goin like that, if I cant motorboat a pair of titties, Im in trouble. [all laughing] All right? It was so windy where I live one time, I lost my hat, two cigars, and my neighbors house. Lost his house, cause one of my cigars blowed in his trailer and burned his house down, all right? So lets keep that to ourselves. It got out of control, too, it burnt down Cheryls she-shed. [all laughing] All right? Thats right. Now you know the whole story right there. You know the whole story. Tonights a special night for me. Tonight is the 10-year anniversary when my hometown gave me the keys to the city and had a little parade for me. -So, uh, thank you so much. [applause] Thank you. Remain seated. Thank you. And tomorrow is the 10-year anniversary, again, when they, uh, changed all the locks in the city, all right? Well, its cold wintertime again. Do you like the winter? [crowd moaning] I hate it. I like summer better than winter. That winter kills me. My weenies been an innie for the last five days in here. Cant– I aint kiddin. I could flash a cop and not get in any trouble right now. It snowed the other day. I can only pee my initials in the snow, all right? But my upper body loves cold weather. My lower body cant handle it. I wish theyd get together on the weather. It gets cold out… [clicks tongue] You could play This Little Piggy on my daggum nipples. He hates you, but they love– These little piggies went to market! Yeah, well, that little hog stayed home, all right? I guarantee you that. Its cold everywhere. I was in Los Angeles, California. Its so cold, Id seen a junkie with his tongue stuck to the spoon, all right? My wifes from Wisconsin. You think you guys get cold? Go to Wisconsin. Holy smokes. We was up there Thanksgiving. You know how cold it was up there? How cold was it?! That sucked! -Um… [all laughing] It was so cold in Wisconsin, the ice cream machine at McDonalds was working. [all laughing] Now, I like hot weather. I like when its hot and humid. I love that. I lived in Florida for a long time. I love hot and humid. It was so hot down there one time, I seen a squirrel putting talcum powder on his nuts. [all laughing] Now, I dont like it when its hot and humid and I gotta wear blue jeans everywhere. Holy mackerel, walking like this. Uh, we could film four episodes of Swamp People in my pants, all right? It was bad. I went in for a physical, dropped my underbritches, three mushrooms fell out. All right? [all laughing] I aint kiddin! That explains why I kept getting followed by that truffle pig right there. I knew that much. I was two days away from them declaring my crotch a wetland area. [crowd chuckling] But they try to scare everybody now with the heat, dont they? Try to scare you, make it hotter than it is. When I was growing up, 99 degrees was 99 degrees. Now its 99 degrees out, but the feels like temperatures 103. It feels like? Who come up with that? A fisherman? The feels like temperature? Stupid! You know what? My wieners three inches, but it feels like nine! [all laughing and clapping] Its ridiculous. Its ridiculous. Well, my wife sent me up to the grocery store all by myself the other day to get some feminine products. You know. Celery, carrots, lettuce. [all laughing] Heh! I had to buy some chewing tobacco so I dont look like a pajama boy sissy in there. Anybody chew tobacco? [man] Yeah! That guy. Maam, you. All right, perfect. Thats good. I like chewing tobacco, but I only do it cause it keeps you from eating sugar and eating bad food late at night, so… you can see thats working out real good for me right now. Thats– Now Im fat, and I got bad teeth! What the hell? I hate that grocery store self-checkout. What in the world? All the enjoyment of working at the store without the satisfaction of getting a paycheck. Thats always nice. You like self-checkout? I hate it. Every time I go in there, I get stuck behind some idiot trying to find a bar code on a cucumber in there. [crowd chuckling] You ever done this? You ever buy a Kit Kat bar? You got like 12 items, you got a Kit Kat bar, and then they look at you and go, You gonna take that, or you want that in a bag? Thats when you know youre a fat-ass right there, all right? I know. They pissed me off last week. They done that with potato salad I had in there. I know! And they put a napkin and a fork on the daggum thing for me! [blows raspberry] Excuse me. Have you, uh… Have you ever seen somebody at the grocery store– You ever seen a fella in there staring at a head of cabbage? I was up there one time. I seen a dude all by himself staring at a head of cabbage. I got a theory about that. That guys wife sent him up there to get a head of lettuce. [all chuckling] All cabbage ought to come with a label on it that says, This is not what your wife wants you to buy. Three days before Thanksgiving, my wife sends me up to the grocery store to get some yams. 45 daggum minutes, Im looking for yams. I cant find a daggum yam. I come home. I said, They aint got no yams up there. She goes, You mean to tell me three days before Thanksgiving, they dont got no sweet potatoes at the grocery store? [crowd chuckling] Ill be right back. [crowd cheering] Yeah. Christmas is my favorite time of year, it goes too quick. But, you know, at our house, we celebrate Christmas every day, and Ill tell you why. Two reasons. Number one, we love the Lord Jesus. He was born on Christmas Day. -Thats why we celebrate it. And, uh… [crowd cheering] Number two, my sister looks like Burl Ives. [all laughing] I dont eat good at Christmas, Ill tell you that much. I got a Fitbit on Christmas Eve, I put it on, it dialed 911. [all laughing] You know what killed me at Christmas last year foodwise? The Kentucky Fried Chicken 12 day Advent Calendar. Holy smokes! Them five golden wings had me turtle-doving all the way to the bathroom. I guarantee you. I aint kidding. I could have dropped my pants and dropped a partridge out of a pear tree right there, I guarantee you. Every time I start getting a little too fat at Christmas, so my kids will buy me a Christmas gift to hint around that Im too fat. You know what they got me last year? A petri dish with flesh-eating bacteria. [all laughing] We run our kids up to the Walmart last year to see the Christmas Village up there. We wasnt there more than 10 minutes. Somebody was already running a meth lab out of the gingerbread house. [all laughing] The hell? I mean, I love shopping at Walmart, but daggum, thats like a meth makers paradise in there, aint it? [chuckles] Walmarts the only store in the world you can go and see somebody buying 16 boxes of cough syrup and some garden hose, nobody thinks thats weird. [all laughing] You ever shopped at Walmart after midnight? Holy smokes! Ho, they ought to charge a cover charge in there after midnight. Daggum, its like a casting call for Ripleys Believe It Or Not in that place. If youve never been to the circus, go to Walmart after midnight. Youre bound to see a couple of bearded women, a toothless wonder, and the fattest man in the world on a scooter up there. They got good deals after midnight, though. Last time I was up there after midnight, 75% off self-esteem. [all chuckling] Thats right. I walked in there like this. I walked out like this. I was like this. Oh. [audience cheering] Thats right. You can get everything at Walmart. Except good customer service. Holy smokes! Heres my impression of the hiring practices at Walmart. Let me ask you this. Have you ever cared about anything in your entire life? [all laughing] [sighs] No? All right. You start Tuesday, all right? [chuckles] Well put you in the DVD department. My wife wanted to go to Walmart. Shes trying to find the cheapest mop, she could get for something she was doing, so we go to Walmart and get a mop, $4.95. Go up there to pay for the mop, and the lady goes, You wanna buy the protection on this? [all chuckling] You know what? I think were gonna risk it this time, all right? Got a 95% chance were gonna throw that away when were done with it, anyways. At our Super Walmart, you can get your hair cut. They got everything! My buddy got his haircut at Walmart. $20 for a haircut. Actually, $5 for a haircut, $15 for the hat you gotta wear the next three weeks, all right? Got a doctors office up at the Walmart. Holy smokes! People going in there. I was there the other day. They gave a guy three minutes to live in there. And he ended up getting hired as a door greeter once he walked out that door. [all laughing] [chuckles] I had to go get a flu shot one time. I didnt wanna go to the doctor, and my wife goes, Well, shoot! Run up to Walmart. Theyre giving flu shots! Are you kiddin me? I aint gettin a flu shot at Walmart! Daggum. Normally I gotta get vaccinated before I go in there! [all laughing] Get a flu shot at Walmart! The flus the last thing Im worried about at Walmart, all right? Daggum, they probably got Ebola behind a box in there somewhere I didnt know about. I was up there one time. Theres a dude up front in a hazmat suit! Im like, Is it safe to go in there? He goes, Yeah, why? I go, Youre in a hazmat suit! He goes, No, I work here. Im collecting the carts. [all laughing] So every time I go up my local Walmart, Im friends with a lot of folks up there, but every time I go up there, I see Doug. I always wave to Doug. I walk in, Whats up, Doug? Doug kinda, Hey. You know, every time, Hey, Doug! Let me ask you something. Have you ever called somebody the wrong name for about five years? [all laughing] [laughing] They dont even acknowledge youre calling em the wrong name? They just make you look like a douche bag for five years. Well, I finally got to talking to Doug three days ago. Her names Denise. [all laughing and applauding] [chuckles] So my buddy rented out– He wanted to save money on his wedding. He rented out a Walmart, got married at a Walmart. It was unbelievable. Got married in the jewelry department, and we had the reception in the deli over there, and… we all got our pictures took in the photo booth, and then we left, and they had their honeymoon in the mens room. It was unbelievable, and theres– It was a wedding made in China. Let me ask you this. Have you ever gotten a wedding invitation from somebody that you barely know? What the hell? Its like gettin a bill in the mail. I hate weddings. I was in one a while back, holy smokes! I aint saying the bride was overweight, but whoo! My buddy caught the garter belt. Hes still been using it to tie up cordwood on his pickup truck, all right? Boy, these were some– You should have seen the bridesmaids! Their corsages was personal pan pizzas, all right? [crowd laughing] I aint kiddin with you. They all went to school together. They was in the same sorority, so they had their sorority shirts on, you know, Thelma Eda Tater. My uncle just got married, 72 years old. My golly. He run out of Viagra on the honeymoon. So he ended up having to use a can of Fix-a-Flat. [all laughing] I know. To make a long story short, he overinflated, and, uh… spent the rest of the night at Jiffy Lube having to get a patch put on him down there. Hey, this is crazy. True story. Check this out. My mother-in-law, last month, won $400 in a hot-dog-eating contest. Its unbelievable, $400! 40 hot dogs in 10 minutes, she ate. I couldnt believe it! [scoffs] My mother-in-law not talking for 10 minutes! [all laughing] [applause] I know. Oh, she talks. I know! She can talk. Shes the only woman at the beach getting melanoma on her tongue, all right? I guarantee you. Im not a big gambler. My– My grandma, holy mackerel. Im not saying shes addicted to Blackjack, but shes got a medical alert bracelet on that says, In case of emergencies, split the kings. [all laughing] My wife likes to go with me when I go to Las Vegas, cause she likes to go see the Chippendales. Yeah. You know why she likes going to the Chippendales? Why, Larry? She didnt marry very good. [all laughing] She married a chunkendale. [all laughing] She gives me money to put my clothes back ons what she does. I like going out there to Las Vegas. Thats where you see all the 1970s-80s classic rock bands singing out there, you know? I like them bands. [cheering] Yeah, the only difference between seeing them bands now and 30 years ago, 30 years ago, go backstage, smell that pot everywhere, and now it smells like pot and Bengay, you go back of them things. They all still got long hair, too, Aint that somethin? Unfortunately, its coming out their nose and ears on most of them fellas in there. Heres one thing you never wanna hear a classic rock band say when you go to the concert. Heres one off our new album. Honey, lets go get a beer. Nobody wants to hear that bullshit. [audience laughing and clapping] No, sir! I went to see Molly Hatchet, and that was awesome right there. I like old Molly Hatchet. You know what was cool about it? After the concert was over, true story, I got to go in the lobby and take a picture with all the cardboard cutouts of the original members. [all laughing] I like going to the buffets out there, to casino buffets. They delicious. You ever been to the all-you-can-eat pasta buffet at the casino? Holy smokes! Thats the day I got red-flagged by the Plumbers Union right there, Ill you what? Whoo! I had to keep a hard hat by the toilet for three weeks after I went in there. You ever use all the paper and have to end up finishing with the tube? Have you ever done that at all, anybody? I havent done it. Im asking if youve had to do that! I aint done that! [crowd chuckling] We got a winner right here. We got a winner. [cheering and applaud] [chuckles] People got no manners at them daggum buffets. There was a guy actually sitting at the buffet! Pissed me off. I walk up there, You know, you aint supposed to stick your face right in the dag– [grunts] I felt bad he was in a wheelchair. Oh, man. Believe me, I felt bad. Not as bad as I felt, though, when I pushed him out of the way, Ill tell you that much. Get out of the way, roller boy. Im about to make some bad decisions right here. [chuckles] I love that Golden Corral, thats a good restaurant right there. Oh, that is good in there. They ought to have a scoring system at Golden Corral like they do in bowling, you know? Walk in there to eat, they put your name up on the TV screen and show everybody how much food you ate after 10 trips to the buffet. You can pick teams and compete with other fat folks in there, and thatd be something. Hey, sweetheart, wheres my stretch pants? Its League Night at Golden Corral tonight. Id seen a couple get engaged at the Golden Corral. Hey, fellas, heres a tip. If youre gonna ask your girl to marry you at a Golden Corral, get down on two knees and do it, so she cant kick you in the nuts. [all laughing] [clapping] I was down in Branson. They got stuff down there, buffets, holy smokes. They got an international buffet in Branson. It is crazy. They got food all the way from Memphis. Got a double-decker buffet. They got a double decker. One of the worlds largest buffets, double decker, spiral staircase. All right, thats just what all us fat folks have been clamoring for out there, a buffet with a staircase. Oh, damn! Im gonna get some more of them doughnut holes. Theyre upstairs. You know what? Im all right, I guess. Ill be all right. Ill stay down here, get some meatballs, put some powdered sugar on them. Thats what Id do right there. Lot of old folks down there in Branson riding them scooters down there. I find that crazy. These folks have lost their drivers license two decades ago, but theyre gonna go ahead and let them have motorized vehicles in a room full of pedestrians at the buffets down there. Trying to get food, theyre zipping by like its a drive-through. [blows raspberry] I went up to get some potato salad. It was like I was in a live Frogger game all of a sudden. You go like that. What the hell? [screams] I finally got hit head-on by some old dude trying to text and drive. Hes trying to send a crotch shot to Tinder, apparently. I was, uh… at a restaurant one time. You ever been to these restaurants, and you go to the bathroom? It can be any restaurant that you go to the bathroom, and then go take a leak in there, and they got a sign that says, All employees must wash hands. That scares the hell out of me right there. They need a sign to tell these folks to wash their hands? I mean, what the hell? Makes me wonder what kind of sign they got back in the kitchen we cant see back there! Dont snot in the coleslaw. [all laughing] Dont drip your scrotum in the salsa. [crowd screaming in laughter] [chuckles] I know. Hey, that actually happened one time. Thats a true story. You remember that story? A waiter was mad at a customer, dipped his scrotum in the salsa! [groans] Thats why I always order the hot cheese dip. -[all laughing] -Yeah. [chuckles] Thats right. Most of your waiters arent that dedicated, all right? We live in a great country, though. Ill tell you what? These people bitch about our country. This is an awesome country. We got– You realize theres a buffet on every street corner in this country? Other people starving. You ever see that starving kid commercial? For eight cents a day, you can feed a starving child– Eight cents a day? Daggum, you cant keep a gerbil alive for eight cents a day! Daggum, I go through 270 bucks a day, and Im on a diet. [all laughing] Reading an article in the paper the other day, and… fella jumped off some mountain with one of them kites, Batman kites, and it didnt work, and he slammed into something. It killed him, and it said, Diver dies cause of freak accident. Freak acc– That aint a freak accident! Y-You jumped off a building with a kite on your back! Thats a dumbass accident, is what that is. A freak accident? Aint no freak ac– Ill tell you what a freak accident is. Youre down there at the local, you know, stop-and-shop down there and getting gas, and unbeknownst to you, theres two clowns in a knife fight, and one of them falls and stabs you in the face. Thats a freak accident right there, all right? [laughter and applause] [crowd cheering] Yeah, buddy! Read another article one time. This is why I dont like polls. I see an article. They said they polled in Washington, D.C. They polled 2,500 women, said, Now that Bill Clintons way older, would you sleep with Bill Clinton? Unbelievable! 94% said, Not again! [all laughing] Thank you. Good night. Thank you so much! Good night. Thank you. All right, Ill stay. Ill stay. All right, you convinced me. Im gonna hang out for a while. Remain seated. Stupid polls. Well, the polls indicate– I aint ever been polled. You ever been polled? I havent been polled. Been polled? Been polled? Been polled? Theres only one poll I ever trusted. Thats the polls I do at my shows. And Id done one last night, and I believe this. I polled all my audience last night. 87% of them said at this point in time during my show, they want their money back. [all laughing] [woman] No! Ive been, uh– Well, yous one of the 13%. [all laughing] 87-13, yeah! 13% right there! Yeah! Right? I know my daggum math! [crowd cheering] [laughing] You know, I work a lot of fairs. I love working fairs. Its awesome, cause I grew up in fairs! And I love fairs– What has happened to the clientele at the fairs lately, though? Holy smokes. I was up there the other day. Theres a dude walking like hes bleeding from the nose, you know, walking like hes got a daggum fart stuck sideways, heading down that thing down there. Looked like a Greyhound bus overturned. He came walking in, trying to get help or something. I mean, its unbelievable at these fairs. By the way, anybody ever ride a Greyhound bus? I used to ride them back in the early days of comedy, holy smokes! Only thing slower than a Greyhound bus is the people on the daggum bus. Theyre a good value, though. I went from Sanford, Florida, all the way to Lincoln, Nebraska, one time, $49. Oh, man! 119 days! -[all laughing] -[sighs] Holy smokes! And the big selling point at the time was, Now with more leg room. What they needed was more head room so I could have hung myself halfway through the trip! [man] Git-R-Done! -Git-R-Done. So I won one of em big stuffed animals one time at the fair, which I hated, cause I had to carry it around the whole time. And I win something, and the guy goes, What do you want? and I said, Well, give me that goofy-lookin minion right there, that little minion. He says, What? I said, That goofy lookin minion with the purple hat right there! He goes, Thats the manager! [all laughing] You ever ride the rides at the fair? They scare the heck out of me. My little boy goes, Daddy, can we ride the roller coaster? We aint ridin a roller– You do realize, son, they put that up in an hour in a parking lot, all right? Probably got a bunch of parts left over on that daggum thing. Remember last Christmas when I got you that bicycle and put it together in 50 minutes, and you got on it, the wheels fell off, and you racked your nuts, remember that whole day right there? Thats gonna happen to you on that rollercoaster right there. Hes like, Come on, Daddy! No, were not doing it. Thats it! So were on the roller coaster there, and, uh… Ugh! I was so mad. I almost puked on that thing. It went upside down. [groans] I get done, I go, You didnt tell me it went upside down. The guy running it goes, Its not supposed to. [all laughing] How about that Ferris wheel? You like that Ferris wheel? [sighs] Me, either! Oh, yeah, the Ferris wheel, thats a lot of fun, isnt it? Yeah. Nothing I like better in the whole world than being completely bored and terrified at the same time. [chuckles] Which, by the way, is the same thing my wife told me on our honeymoon right there, all right? [chuckles] You ever get stuck on the Ferris wheel? Oh, man! I was up there with my kids. We was stuck. They was crying, freaking out. Trying to calm em down. Dont worry, kids. Well be all right. Im sure that guy running it with seven fingers and a pentagram tattoo, all right, Im sure, Im sure hell have us down in no time here. Soon as hes done smoking that joint, Im sure well be right down out of this deal. Anybody ever been to the fair on Senior Day? [all chuckling] I went on Senior Day. Most popular ride on Senior Day is the ambulance on the way out of the fair. Daggum, theres one leaving the scrambler every two minutes in there. Best part about Senior Day, though, it only lasts from 3:30 to 5:00, so thats a good thing. They got special prizes on Senior Day. I saw an old guy bust a balloon with a dart, and he won a pair of Depends with a picture of Def Leppard on it right there. The foods different on Senior Day. The fried foods. Anybody ever have fried Lipitor? [all laughing] They got a guy that guesses your weight at the fair. They need somebody to guess your cholesterol level in there. I had a buddy of mine used to do that. He used to try to guess peoples weight at the fair. I went with him one time, and… this girl come up there. She goes, What do you do? He goes, I guess peoples weight. She goes, How do you win? I mean, she was a looker. You could tell. [crowd laughing] He goes, Well, I guess your weight, and then you get on a scale. if Im five pounds either way, I win, you lose. She goes, Im gonna do it. Hes like, All right. Uh, oof. 317. [crowd laughing] She gets on there, Ha ha, you lose! 345! Im like, He loses? Are you kiddin me? I got John Deere attachments that weigh less than you do right now. Congratulations. Youre blimp worthy. [all laughing] But you can gain weight at the fair. Its all fried, heavy– You like the– You ever eat the corn dogs at the fair? [audience clapping] Oh, yeah! -Oh, I love em! Holy smokes! Have you seen the size of the fair corn dogs? Holy smokes! Im not saying theyre big, but I was eating one at the rodeo, and the horse come by and winked at me. -[crowd laughter and applaud] -[sighs] -[laughs] [man wolf-whistles] Theyre good value, though. Theyre only a dollar. But what they dont tell you, its another $75 for em to come out to your house and snake your toilet, all right? They neglect to tell you that. Ill tell you what I really hate at the fairs. The Porta Potties they got lined up there. Oh, what a disgusting, wretched stuff that is. They ought to have a midway game where you can win scented candles and fly swatters, you know what I mean? I dont go in em anymore. Uh-uh! I was in a Porta Potty five months ago, and, no lie, my eyebrows just grew back last Tuesday, all right? I dont go in them Porta Potties. When Im at the fair, I take a plastic bag, and I pee in a ziplock plastic bag. Thats what I do. My wifes like, Put that away. Youre embarrassing me! What do you mean embarrassed? You ought to walk proudly. It looks like I won you a goldfish over there! The fish right there. [laughing] Its catching on, too. My buddy walked by. Hey, Larry, look! Im doin it, too! Look at that! Im like, I told you that– Uh-uh, youre not supposed to poop in it! What are you doing? Get it out of here! Get it out of here! You ever see what some folks wear at the fair? Its almost they aint got a mirror at the house. Id seen a guy, about 326 pounds, wearing Lululemon shorts. What in the world? He bent down to pick something up, I could see his Lulu and his lemons, all right? -Daggum… [all laughing] Get up. Youre scaring my kids. This is ridiculous. Couple of years ago, my grandma, uh, playing bingo at the fair… won her a spa package. But to be honest, I think they gave her the wrong package. Uh, she said that she was able to tolerate the Botox… but during the Brazilian wax, she farted and blinded the attendant. [audience laughs] [scattered applause] [sighs] Lord, I apologize for that right there, and be with the starving pygmies down in New Guinea. Amen. -[mouthing] Listen, Im sorry. Im sorry. [audience cheering] [audience applauds] I saw my grandma topless… two weeks ago. [sighs] Thats the last time I let her drink before a concert, Ill tell you that much. Daggum! It was embarrassing. It was windy out, so her boobies was flying around like one of them inflatable wind dancers in front of an oil change shop. -You know what I mean? [audience laughing] It was horrible. The Oak Ridge Boys didnt even want to do an encore after they saw that. Thanks a lot, Grandma. Your flapping titties just cost me an encore of giddy up oom poppa maow maow right there, all right? [scattered applause] Im kidding. My grandma– My grandmas awesome. Shes actually a widower. Shes trying to– Shes trying to meet some fellas now. Shes on one of them, uh, elderly dating services. She went on the Internet, Metamucil Mingle. -Shes been on that there for a while. [audience laughs] I think shes on medical marijuana. I aint sure, but… she gave us a quilt the other day made out of Taco Bell wrappers, so theres something going on there. [audience applauds, laughs] We almost lost my granddad. Hes 93 years old. He almost passed away– We almost lost him on the toilet. He almost died on the toilet. Boy, what a way to go right there. [sighs] Can you imagine dying on the toilet? I mean, what do you say to the relatives at the wake to make em feel better? I mean, thats a tough one there. Eh, Mrs. Eggerhof, were… were real sorry to hear about Ed. Man, thats… [sniffles] [sighs] But at least he died doing what he loved. -You know, thats– [audience laughing] We– We heard he fought til the bitter end, and thats the thing. He– He wasnt a quitter, so he got it out. Were excited, and thats nice. Were gonna light a match tonight and remember him at midnight, and, hopefully… [scattered laughter, applause] I read a story one time. A fella got bit by a snake sitting on the toilet. He got interviewed. He said, First thing I thought was I need to call animal control. -Thats the first thing he thought? -[scattered laughter] If I got bit by something, the first thing Id think is, What the hell did I eat last night? [audience chuckles] Daggum. My foods circling back on me here. [audience laughing] We almost lost my grandpa. He sat on one of em power flush toilets. You ever seen them energy-savers? You flush it. Theres a– [mimics flushing] It goes like that? I mean, if you sit on it and flush, itll put a hickey on your hind end. I guarantee you. It will. But he sat on there– [mimics flush] Flushed it. Boom! Left nut down the drain. I aint kiddin with ya. True story! I wish it wasnt, but thats a true story. [laughing] Im trying to help him out. Im trying to yank him off that thing right here. Its stuck in that little tube hole in there. [grunting] Its like daggum Stretch Armstrong. Like… [grunting] And finally– [sputters] It comes lose, slow motion, right in my daggum head. [mimics slow-motion yell] It hits me. [mimics collision] It was like them little knocker balls. You ever seen them little knocker balls? Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Bloodied my daggum nose. [audience chuckling] My wifes like, Whats going on in here? [sighs] His twig and berries went MMA on me, is what happened in here. I have had it. [sighs] I love him. My grandpa, an alcoholic. We had a family reunion here a while back. We rarely get em, but we finally got everybody paroled at the same time, -so we were able to… -[audience laughs] My familys– [sighs] What in the world! Dont even wanna talk about em sometimes. My brother, hes all stressed out now cause hes been reading the papers. He thinks hes gonna lose his job to a robot. I didnt have the heart to tell him, if he look in his wifes drawer, hes already lost his job. [audience laughs, applauds] [whistling] Its true. Its true. My sister-in-law, shes about 410, 290 lbs. She used to model decoy stumps down there at Cabelas many years ago. She had her stomach stapled last week. Nothing medically. She was at work and accidentally stapled some papers to her stomach there. But my grandpas an alcoholic. Hes drunk at the reunion. I said, Grandpa, why do you drink so much? He said, Look around. Im responsible for all this. [audience laughs, applauds] [whistling] [Larry chuckles] My cousin hates Halloween. He hates Halloween, boy. I dont mind Halloween. Out cat died two days before Halloween this year so we left him in the yard for extra decoration for the kids. [audience laughs] Do you dress up for Halloween? [audience members] Yeah! I did this year. My buddy, I wanted to help him out. Hes got a health food business hes starting, a little gym in there, so I dressed up– Put on a dress and went as a trans-fat. [audience laughing] [whistling, cheering] [sighs] I always go with my kids trick or treatin. You know, but heres the problem. Im very flattered people dress like me when they trick or treat. But its weird when I go, cause Im just hanging out with my kids! They knock on the door, people are like, Oh, look, little Batman, little Superman. Ah! Larry the Cable Guy! Thats a good costume! Then I always hear somebody from the back of the room. Who is it? Hes dressed like Larry the Cable Guy. Then I hear, Ugh! That guy sucks! [audience laughs] What the hell? Next time, Im gonna go as Foxworthy, all right? Hows that? -Thats right. [chuckles] -[whistling] -I dont care if anybody thinks he sucks. [whistling continues] [groans] Ugh! Anyway, my cousin hates Halloween. Hates it. He says to me, I am so sick and tired of Halloween. Im trying to watch the daggum TV show. ‘Trick or treat? Every two minute– ‘Trick or treat.' Gotta get up and give them candy. Im like… [sighs] Calm down. [chuckles] Buddy, you aint gotta participate. Theres ways you can get around the Halloween and kids. You know what he did? Went down and registered as a sex offender. [audience laughing] Im like, You do know all you gotta do is turn your porch light off, right? [laughing] You do know that? He goes, You think Ive done something stupid? Yeah, I think youve done something stupid! Youre the Sheriff, for heavens sake! -[mouthing indistinctly] [audience laughing] [scattered applause] I always check my kids candy for poisons and razor blades. Hold on, kids. You cant eat that yet. I gotta check em for poisons and razor blades. They come down later on. Wheres all our candy? We live in a pretty bad neighborhood. Ill be honest with ya. I swear were gonna move next year. I promise that. They ruined everything? No, not everything. They didnt touch that box of raisins in there, but they… Tell you what. Them Butterfingers, they was riddled with poison in there. [audience laughs] I cant eat like that no more. It sucks getting fat! Man, Im trying to lose some weight. I gotta do something. Its ridiculous! Ugh! I got on the trampoline the other day with my kids. I had two jumps, had to get off! I wasnt tired or nothing. I had to get a ladder to get my boy out of a tree. [audience laughs] And it stinks, gettin older and fatter! And I used to be something back in the day, boys. I used to be something! I did. I used to run cross-country. You Google it. I think I still hold the state record for taking the most shits in the woods. [audience laughs] But Im on a diet now. Im eating nothing but Fruit Loops. But my wife has me on a… [audience laughs] My wife has me on a diet now where I can have one cheat day. So I can have a hamburger with the cheese and the bun… one day a week. [quickly] Or anytime I drive by a fast-food restaurant when shes not with me in the car. -All right, not there. -[audience laughing] [loud whistle] [normally] Shes a stickler, too, I tell you what. Shed be up there sleeping, 2:30 in the morning. Dog go down there and bark at the door for ten minutes, she dont hear nothing. Shes racked out. I gotta go down there and let the dog out. So next day, I go down. Im kinda hungry. I pour a little– little bowl of Capn Crunch down there. I hear, Get out of the Capn Crunch! [audience laughing] What the hell? I should have barked when I poured that Capn Crunch in there, is what I shouldve done. It sucks gettin old and fat, Ill tell you. I remember when my beard turned white, my– my wife was, like, trying to comfort me. Oh, thats okay, honey. I like somebody with a little salt and pepper in their beard. Made me feel a little better. Then she goes, Its the corn in your teeth thats disgusting. -All right? [audience laughs] I was gonna say broccoli, but none of yall believe I eat broccoli. -All right, so I aint saying that. [audience laughing] [sighs] Heres the thing about getting older. You start losing your daggum memory. I cant– I have a hard time remembering stuff now. Its so frustrating. Have you ever left your groceries on the roof of your car? Yeah? For three weeks? -You ever did that? [audience laughing] Im a hypochondriac. I always think Im dying of something. Im freaking out. Had a red blotch right there one time for a week, its freaking me out. So I go get a biopsy on it. Tested positive for picante sauce. [audience laughing] [sighs] Idiot! Cost me $1,000 to do that! Good news is, he wrote me a prescription for napkins, so that was pretty good, I guess. I always think Im dying. Dont ever look nothing up on the Internet, cause it aint good. Its always lupus or Lou Gehrigs, thats what it is, one of them two. I think I got both of them damn diseases. Seen a commercial the other day for breast implant leakage. I had every damn symptom of a breast implant leakage in there. These stupid things. I aint kidding with you. Dont ever look it up. Its always lupus. Except for one time I had a lump right here. Honest. What in the hell? I look it up. Ah, brain cancer Thats– [audience laughs] Thats it for me. Im a dead man. I got brain cancer. You never learn nothing on the Internet, medically, looking it up. Except one time, I did. I found out that jock itch is also the name of a porn star in France. [laughing] And what is it about getting in your mid-50s, your big toe nails like a manhole cover all of a sudden? Holy smokes! I went to clip it the other day, the pin popped out of the clipper system in there. Holy smokes! Finally, I chip it off, hits my kid in the head, knocks him out, hes bleeding from the eyeball. [audience laughing] I hate the waiting room, too, the walk-in clinic. Holy smokes, nobodys got any manners in there, you know. Everybodys sitting in there, hawking, hacking, coughing, farting, burping, belching– What the heck? Then you go see the nurse, What are you here to see the doctor for? Well, it was a chest cold. Now I think I got hepatitis after being in there and… Gotta go in there and wait ten hours for something. I could walk in there on bloody nubs, pulling my legs in a wagon in there… gotta sit for six hours. I aint sitting nowhere over an hour if I… aint got a wine list or something in there. [audience chuckling] Serve some beer. Boy, thatd be a game changer right there, wouldnt it? Walk-in clinics start serving wine? [chuckles] Excuse me, nurse. What wine do you recommend that goes with my itchy butthole? [audience laughing] Maybe a Boones Farm? Maybe a cherry wine or something like that or… Then I finally get in to see the doctor, I got to wait on him in his room for another 45 minutes. Freezing cold, Im in a backless paper gown. Im a pair of high heels away from Caitlyn Jenner sitting in that office in there. [audience cheering] [thud] -Daggum. Yeah! -[whistling] Then he comes in there, and he looks at me. He looks around me. He looks in me. He lifts stuff up. He sighs a couple of times. Its like a bad episode of Storage Wars every time I go to the doctor. [audience laughs] Then I spend all that money, waste all that time. You know what his diagnosis was? Youre too fat. [audience chuckles] Yeah, no kiddin. What the hell? I couldve stayed at home, and my wifed tell me that for free. Hes like, What are you gonna do about it? I dont know. Hang out with people fatter than me, I guess. Maybe take a selfie next to a cement mixer or something. Hes like, Well, you need to eat better. What did you eat last week? I dont know. Go get my T-shirt. [audience laughs] He says, I want you to join a gym. I aint joining a gym. Last time I was down there, I left a skid mark on the yoga mat. I aint going down to that gym. [audience laughing] He goes, Well, get on a treadmill then. Find a treadmill. Get on it. But start slow, and ease into it. I dont want you to have a heart attack. Oh, thats comforting right there. Thats when you know youre a fat-ass right there. When cardiovascular exercise is like Russian roulette all of a sudden. Honey, how much time you doing on the treadmill? I dont know. Hopefully 30 minutes. I aint sure, all right? Howd he die? Sweatin to the oldies. Weirdest thing I ever seen. My buddys all mad at his doctor, cause hes seen him driving a brand-new Mercedes-Benz. Thats good. Means you got a good doctor. I want my doctor to have a brand-new Mercedes-Benz. I dont want to be a hour and a half away from open-heart surgery, my doctor show up in a 78 Plymouth. You know, the door open up, a bunch of Pringles cans come falling out of the thing. [audience laughing] Its like, He thinks hes better than me. He is better than you. Hes a doctor. Youre a bouncer-slash-cook down there at Grits and Tits. I will say, though, and I hate admitting this, but sometimes I do think… that a doctor will talk you into a real expensive surgery just cause its more money. And I never used to think that way til after my hysterectomy, but… [audience laughing] I went and had a colonoscopy done. Boy, you ought to see the looks of the folks in that place. The looks on their faces, sittin in there, waiting on a colon– [chuckles] They all had that look like Wile E. Coyote seconds before he got hit by that anvil, you know what I mean? There was actually a guy sitting in a corner, holding up a sign that said, Yikes. Theyre all for– And nobodys nice to you. Thats the thing. I mean, not even the staff is treating you nice. And you know whats fiing to happen. What in the hell? I mean, even Jiffy Lube puts out coffee and donuts. [audience laughing] And if Im gonna go up there and theyre gonna start shoving stuff up my hind end, the least they could do is put out some bear claws. I was worried about that one. I said, Oh, I gotta get a colonoscopy. My wifes like, What are you worried about? Because they gonna put a camera up my hind end. She goes, Well, your heads been up there eight months. [audience laughing] All right, you do know youre not funny, right? Worst part of the colonoscopy is the night before when you gotta drink the go juice. Holy smokes! I called waste management to give em a heads-up is what I did. Hey, you better get some extra knob turners down there, cause… youre fiing to have a donnybrook headed your way in five minutes. Well, I was in there. I was reading a medical journal thing they had on the stuff they could do and what they– you know, all the operations they can do. Boy, what a time to be alive. Id rather have a surgery now than 50 years ago. But some of the stuff they do– I read this article. They said they can now start to grow female reproductive organs in petri dishes for women thats born with reproductive deformities. Aint that something? Boy… Like to be a kid now and get that chemistry set, Ill tell you that much. Holy smokes. Ho. Hey, wheres Larry at? Uh, hes in the basement hoeing his vagina garden down there. -[chuckles] Thats right. [audience laughing, clapping] Tell you what. Git-R-Done. Thats right. Yeah, they come up with a Twinkie tree, Id never leave the house, I guarantee you. I guarantee you that. [audience laughing] I was in there. There was a woman breast-feeding in there, which is fine, thats what you do. But if Im being honest with you, the kid had to be four years old. [audience laughing] Isnt that weird? [woman in audience] Yeah. I mean, I aint a woman. I dont know, but four seems a little weird to me. I mean, I think when youre breast-feeding, when the kid starts to incorporate salt shakers and a lime, you know what I mean? [chuckles] When hes like, Give me a squirt for my coffee, maybe hes a little too old for that, you know, maybe. Maybe its time to get him on the, uh, you know, titty milk 12-step program there in your area. I remember when we had kids, my wife used to have a breast pump, and shed pump bottles. One time, she said, Hey… you wanna taste that? [chuckles] No. [audience laughing] Ha. Shes like, Why? Its better for you than cows milk. [chuckling] Yeah, all right, whatev– Look, Ive been on cows milk for some 50-odd years. Im doing pretty good, all right. [chuckles] Only people Ive ever seen drink your milk poop their pants eight times a day, all right, so… -[chuckles] [audience cheers] Ha. Ha. Yeah. [audience member whistling] Word out on the street is your product aint that good. -All right? [audience laughing] I seen a little baby, one-year-old, wearing glasses. Howd they know a baby needs glasses at one? What, he go to breast-feed and sucked the nose for nine months? [audience laughing] My neighbors got a newborn baby. And, uh, he fell in the toilet the other day, so… they got him sleeping in a bag of rice this weekend. [audience laughing] I got kids. I love my kids so much, but I tell you what, its unbelievable… how the Lord can create life. I mean, its unbelievable. You just see that little babys head pop out, you whole life is transformed and changed, and you just love it so much, and you cry, you know. And then, ten years later, that same thing, you wanna slap the living piss out of it, you know what I mean? Its unbelievable, the whole different– I remember when my little boy was born. I was scared to hit a speed bump leaving the hospital for fear his head would go like that and crack open or somethin. Here I am ten years later, driving down the interstate trying to drive, trying to get the perfect whack on the middle of his frickin head. And, uh, my wifes like, Be careful, youre gonna crash. I dont give a shit. Ill kill everybody in this car right now, all right? I could care less. Ive had it with him right now. [audience hooting] Its ridiculous. [audience hooting, whistling, clapping] Yeah, the Pope came out and said, Married couples should have more kids. Thats easy for him to say. Daggum Pope aint got no kids. How bout I drop my kids off at the Vatican for a couple of hours? Hows that sound? Yeah, see if they can get grape jelly out of the Pope hat, all right? [audience laughing] Thats why I never understood kidnapping. Really? You wanna put up with this bullshit? Are you kiddin me? Holy– You kidnap my kids, theyd be back on the porch in two days with an apology note strapped to the side of them. [audience hooting] Oh, but I love em. I dont care what age it is, you put up with– I love em so much, I tell you. You know, I was gonna home school my kids, and them my wife reminded me, uh, were idiots. [audience laughing] [Larry chuckling] [chuckles] Hey, I was home schooled, and I-I loved it. I finished, uh, second in my class. [audience laughing] [chuckles] It wasnt until two years ago, my mom told me that shed made the dog valedictorian. -I dont know what it is. [audience laughing] I worry about my kids. Oh, theyre so sweet. My little girls such a sweetie, and my little boys got a kind heart. And I just worry about bullies in sch– Oh. You know, I was bullied by a fourth grader one time, and, oh, I hated every minute of it. So I finally– I went home and told my wife shes gotta go pick the kids up, cause I cant handle it down there no more. Hey, you laugh. Theres some big-ass fourth graders out there. I mean, this girl, she wasnt small. Ill guarantee you that much. Remembered Fathers Day and my kids. By the way, Fathers Day is the biggest piece of crap holiday they got out there. Thats where your wife and kids take your money and buy you crap you didnt want to begin with. All right? But my kids, theyre so sweet. They drew a picture of me. and put We love you, Daddy on it. And– Which is awesome. And I felt so bad, because instead of me going, Man, I love my kids. This is– The only thing I could think… when they gave it to me was… Im not that fat, am I? [audience laughing] And it bugged me, and I told them, Kids, I like the picture, but Im not that fat. Theyre like, Yeah, you are. Im like, No, Im not. Yeah, so they took the picture and held it up to my cellphone, and it unlocked it. [audience laughing] Took a family vacation. Everybody wants to go canoeing, which I didnt wanna do. Canoeings an old Indian word that means butt blisters. [audience laughing] Yeah, canoeings a lot of fun when youre a fat guy. Yeah, thats a lot of fun right there. My little boys in the front. Im in the back. Going down the river for five miles, popping a wheelie, going in circles. Got a catfish stuck to my nipple. I cant get it off of there. Hes like, Why do I gotta wear a life jacket? Because if this thing tips over, itll keep you alive long enough for me to save the Kentucky Fried Chicken over there, all right? [audience laughing] You know what the difference between canoeing with your wife and canoeing with your little boy is? [man] What? When youre done canoeing, your little boy is still talking to you. [audience laughing] [chuckling] My wifes– My wifes 13 years younger than me. -[hooting] -Git-R-Done. Ill never forget the preachers words. I now pronounce you husband and incoming freshman. You know who doesnt like it when you marry younger women? Older women. [chuckles] Not all of them. Just her mom and her aunt. Heres the bad thing about being married to somebody younger than you. Theyre already ready to go out and start doing stuff youre sick and tired of doing. You know? Like… leaving the house. [audience laughing] Fourth of July, shes like, Lets go see the fireworks display. All right. What channel is it on? Ill be down in a minute. I know my wife loves me, though, cause she married me looking like this. [chuckles] The good thing about marrying somebody that looks like this is there aint a lot to drop-off on the years to go by. You know, Its like buying a Kia, you know? Sure, its a Kia, but it aint gonna get no shittier than that. All right? [audience laughing] People said to me, You know, your wife only married you cause youre famous. And I asked her. I said, Did you marry me cause Im famous? She said, No. I married you cause youre rich. [chuckles] [audience laughing] What? Im just kidding. I did ask her, though. I said, Did you marry me cause I got money? She goes, No. Its our money. [audience laughing] My wife… uh, I love her so much. She goes to the spa every now and then. And I cant ever figure the spa out. I go, Why do you go the the spa all the time? ‘Cause I like to sit in there and soak and think about stuff and relax. Well, we got a tub at the house. Cant you soak in the tub at the house? She goes, Yeah, but at the spa, you dont sit on the toilet and stare at me. [audience laughing] My wife is sexy, too, boy. She likes to talk when we make love. Thats sexy right there. -[audience member hoots] -Oh, I love that. Make love every day. She says stuff like, uh, You okay? [audience laughing] Whys your face red? Blink twice if you can hear me. Im like, Get off my leg. Oh, my chest. Ah, my chest. Get off. Get off. Making love to my wife is like having a stroke with a happy ending. [audience laughing] I feel bad for her, too, cause Im not handy around the house. [chuckles] Im a comedian, you know? One time, I put up a towel rack. It fell off seven times. So she went and got a stud finder, and he put it up. I went shopping with her one time. And I hate this. Do I– Does this make me look fat? I hate that. I dont know. Look what Im wearing. Do you think Im a fashion plate right here? Honey, does this– Do I look fat in this? I dont know. How much is it? Ill tell you if you look fat in it or not. $400? [imitates pig squealing] [audience cheering] [Larry chuckling] Yeah. Anybody see the movie Cars? -[audience whistling, cheering] -All right, everybody seen that? Thats right. Thats how Im able to afford these fancy britches right here. -[man] Yeah. -[Larry chuckling] I got a funny story to tell you about that. Heres how I got that part. John Lasseter told me that I didnt have to audition or nothing. He said hed been to 200 celebrities, 150 voice-over artists. He didnt have any clue. One day left, picked up Blue Collar Comedy CD. He heard my voice. Said, Thats my tow truck. Get him on the phone. [chuckles] Thats how I got the job. -Its the craziest thing ever. -[audience cheering] I was so thankful. Im not kidding. [whistling from audience] So thankful. So I go out there, and Im nervous. I go out there. Im nervous. Its John Lasseter and Pixar, and he shows me around, and he puts me in this booth, and theres the script, and he says, All right. Just wanna let you know that, uh… when we do these voices, I might, uh… have you do the same voice, same line, 12 times, but dont think youre doing bad. We just get a lot of takes. And then I said, Okay, well how do you want– How is Mater? Is he, kind of, a fast talker? He goes, What do you mean? I go, Well, just, I dont know. He goes, Hes you. Youre Mater. I said, ‘Well, yeah, but– No, just be you. Im like, All right. So my first line was, My name is Mater, like ‘Tuh-Mater without the ‘Tuh'. So he did his line and he pointed at me, and I just went, My name is Mater, like ‘Tuh-Mater without the ‘Tuh'. And he started laughing and said, All right, we got it. [audience cheering] [Larry chuckling] Yeah, right? [chuckles] I think he might have done one more, and that was it, and– So now we do the whole movie. It was awesome. Everybodys great. Six years later, were on the Fantasy Cruise, of Disneys Fantasy ship. And its the very first time it ever went out there, and theyre all there, all the Disney folks, the Pixar folks. I did a show in the showroom and… and I thought this was the weirdest request, but I did it. John Lasseter asked me to go up and take the ships microphone and make a ships announcement. It goes all over the ship. And then, once Im done as Mater telling everybody thanks for coming on the ship, then have Mater introduce you, and you tell everybody thanks for coming to your show. And I thought, Well, thats kind of weird, but… [chuckles] Ill go ahead and do it. And we laugh every time we think about it, but its the actual… uh, message I did on the boat. This is what it sounded like. Hey, everybody. This is Mater, like ‘Tuh-Mater without the ‘Tuh.' Boy, I tell you what, Im happier than a tornado in a trailer park that you come on this Fantasy Cruise, and shoot, daggum, if you ever get to Radiator Springs, you and me will do us some backward driving. All right, then, dont forget. You and me, we is best friends. Now heres my buddy, Larry the Cable Guy, to say something to you. Hey, everybody. This is Larry, the Cable Guy. [audience laughing] Same voice! God bless you guys. Thank you so much… for an awesome night tonight. I hope you enjoyed everything, and Git-R-Done! [audience cheering] [Larry] Thank you so much. Thank you. [theme music playing]

KEVIN HART@ZERO F**KS GIVEN@2020@Streaming on Netflix from November 17, 2020   [Kenzo babbling] [Kevin] Yo. Whats up? I was looking all over the house for yall. [Eniko] Were just chilling. About to go downstairs, get some work done. What up, champ? [imperceptible] Finish your homework? [Eniko] No. Look in my eyes. [Kenzo babbling] Youre lying. Finish your homework. Stop playing with me. [chuckles] Zo, give Daddy two. Ah, ah. Give me a boom. Boom! Give me a headbutt. [grunts] Give me a kiss. Whyre you looking at me? Love you. Give me a kiss. Okay. Love you. Heaven, finish your work? Oh, yes, for the most part. See you all when I come back up. [Kenzo babbles] [Eniko] Bye! [Heaven] Bye. [Kenzo] Bye, Dad. Pow! [hip-hop music playing] Ooh. Daddy about to have a good time. Big cube, coming in. Taste it. [slurps] Mmm. Ha-ya! Yeah. Hey. Wow! The GOAT. Legend. Inspiration. My man. [cheering and applauding] Aww. So nice. Oh, man! Well, thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you. Thank you! Much appreciated. Stop it. Sit down. I appreciate it. Thank you. -Hello. Hi. [crowd whoops] I can say hello. First time Ive been this intimate with a crowd. So, I can say hello and I can actually get a hello back. So, Imma say it again. Hello. How yall doing? Good? [crowd cheering] Thats good. I like it. This feels right to me. This feels right. [woman] Yeah! Ive been in a lot of different spaces to tell some jokes. Been in fucking stadiums, arenas, theaters. This right now feels right, in the comfort of my own fucking home. Thank you. [crowd applauding] Thank you. Getting back to the basics. I wanna explain to you guys why Im actually in my house. Were here for a reason. Im no longer comfortable anywhere else but my house. Im being very fucking honest with you guys. I am not comfortable anywhere except my house. And its for a lot of reasons. I feel like we should get into those. Lets address the elephant in the room. Reason number one, COVID. [crowd exclaims] COVID. Where you at right now? Wheres your panic level? High? In the middle? Low? Where you at? Be honest, let me know. Middle? High? Low? Kind of high? A little bit? [crowd mumbling] News flash. I had it! Thats right, I had the ‘VID. The ‘VID-19 was in my system. I had it in the beginning when it wasnt cool, when it wasnt a trend. It was me and Tom Hanks. We was the only two. [chuckles] I had to keep it a secret because Tom Hanks is a much bigger star than I am. He will swallow my fucking announcement. Hes Forrest Gump. Youre not gonna beat Forrest Gump. No shot. No fucking shot Imma beat Forrest Gump. If it was somebody lesser than, I wouldve dropped that b!tch in a heartbeat. David Hasselhoff. fuck David Hasselhoff. Aint nobody give a shit about David Hasselhoff. Boom! Dropped it. Kevin Harts got it, too. Save Kevin Hart. #TheVID. You know why I call it the ‘VID? Its the closest thing to AIDS. It just sounds as dangerous as AIDS. The ‘VID. You got the ‘VID? fuck, man! I got the ‘VID. You got the ‘VID? Shit! Praying for you. You got the fucking ‘VID. I didnt know I had it. I didnt know I had it, man. I had no symptoms at all. No fever, no headache, no body aches, nothing. Now, my wife lost her sense of taste and her sense of smell. She told me, Babe, I think I got it. We should get tested. I said, Well, we dont have a problem. You got the fucking problem. Why do I have to get tested? I can taste and smell fine. Why the fuck do I gotta get tested? Doctor came over to the house. Doctor came over, tested both of us. Said, You guys are both positive. I said, Bullshit. Bullshit! No way Im fucking positive. I immediately touched my nose twice. Ah, ah. Could I do that? If I had the ‘VID, could I fucking do this two times in a row? Cant touch your nose with the ‘VID. Everybody knows that. Said, Mr. Hart, Im very serious. Youre positive. This caused an uproar in my household, immediately. Me and my wife go at each others throats, Who the fuck brought the ‘VID up in this house? Who was it? Got to see how we felt about each others friends. It was that nasty b!tch Pam you always hanging with. Thats who did it. Dirty-foot b!tch. Her feet dirty. She tracked the ‘VID all through the goddamn house. Dirty-foot Pam did it. [chuckles] Got the fucking ‘VID all in this goddamn house. Wash the carpets immediately. Doctor calmed me down, Calm down, Kevin. Itll pass. Take ten to fourteen days. Relax. Chill out. Drink some tea. Thats what the doctor told me to my fucking face. Drink some tea. Are you kidding me? I got the fucking ‘VID, Doc! The hell is tea gonna do for me? Wheres my ventilator? Thats what I said. Where is it? Im supposed to get a ventilator. Everybody knows that. You get a ventilator with the ‘VID. Thats what they say in the blogs. Youll be fine, Mr. Hart, youll be fine. When the doctor told me that, my level of panic lowered. Keep in mind, I was at the highest level in the beginning. Oh, my God. When it first hit, oh, my fucking God, I didnt know what to do. I went and put gas in all the fucking cars. [crowd laughs] [chuckles] You gotta be able to escape. These motherfuckers turning into zombies here. I was scared. Went and bought all the water and toilet paper I could find. Still dont know why we went on this toilet paper kick. What was so special about toilet paper? Nobody told me. Did the ‘VID make you shit? What was it? What… [chuckles] We bought all the fucking toilet paper. Dry noodles, I got it all! The mask, I went crazy with the mask. In the beginning, I didnt know what mask to buy. Had a regular mask. My friend told me, Hey, man, that aint the right mask, the ‘VID gonna get through that mask. That mask aint gonna protect you against the ‘VID. fuck! Are you serious? Im serious. You gotta get the N95s. Oh, shit. Went on a website, I bought every N95 I saw. I spent 20 grand on N95s. [crowd laughing] Went outside the day after, I saw a nigga with a titty cup on his face. Wasnt even a… With a bra strap. What the fuck? Thats not a N95. Thats a A-cup bra. What the hell just happened? He didnt spend 20 grand on that. No way. Somebody duped me, man. My wife told me flat-out, Babe, you know what? This thing is messing with your head. You gotta get out this house. You gotta get out the house. I said, There is nothing outside this house for me. Nothing. Theres no reason for me to go outside this house. No shot. The things that are outside this house, I have no interest in. Theres people out there. I dont like people. I said it. Cats out the bag. I dont fucking like people anymore. You won. You beat me up. You fucking won, man. You know how? Because you guys have managed to fuck up the best job in the world, man. At one point in time, fame was the most sought-after and best job on the fucking planet. If you didnt have it, you wanted a piece of it. You wanted to taste a little bit of it. I got it. I got to the highest level of it, and then you fucked me, oh, you fucked me good. Oh, this generation fucked me good. Everythings gotta be compromised. Everythings gotta be videoed in this generation. If its not on video, it never happened. Thats how this generation lives. Let me tell you guys the scariest thing that you could do to a Black man in 1986 if you were the cops or the feds. Scariest thing that you could do is tell a Black man that you had him on tape. If the feds came up to you, We got your ass on tape. You going to jail. Hell shit himself, What? Who? Me? On tape? Oh! Hed start crying. [mimics crying] [crowd laughs] Im on fucking tape. [mimics crying] All yall going to fucking jail. We got all yall on tape. Hell tell all his friends, Come out, Calvin, Marcus, Terrence. They got us. Anthony, you, too. Said they got us all on tape. Were going to jail, apparently. Were going to fucking jail. [mimics crying] We on tape. Thats all the feds had to say, Got your ass on tape. Scariest thing you could do. You guys dont even realize that youre the feds… for free. Youre not even getting paid. For fucking free. Youre just telling on people all goddamn day. Just a bunch of walking fucking snitches. Its disgusting. Its disgusting. I went to McDonalds… This is a true story. I go to McDonalds. Im at the drive-through, right? I want a Big Mac Meal. I havent had one in so long. Im so excited for this fucking Big Mac. Oh, my God, I cant wait to get this Big Mac. I get the Big Mac. Im so excited. I pull over in the parking lot. I start fucking the Big Mac up. Smashing it. Its all over my face, everything. Im happy as hell. I turn to my left, its a woman outside the window taping me. She said, Got your ass. I got nervous. What the fuck is you doing, lady? She said, Mmm-mmm. But I got your ass. [scoffs] What the fuck you mean, got my ass? What am I doing? Im so nervous, I dropped the burger. I just dropped the fucking burger. I grabbed my phone, I went to Twitter, I issued an apology via social media. I said, Im sorry, Im sorry. The reason why I apologized is because two days earlier, I announced that I was going plant-based full-time. Id just said it. This video was detrimental to everything that I stood for at the moment. [chuckles] Had to issue an apology to the plant-based community. Became an ally. Made a donation, was a part of protest. I had to do what I could. Stood by the side of cows, took pictures. It was a lot. I dont like what you guys have made me become. I dont like it. Im no longer comfortable. You switched it on me. fuck! You switched it on me, man. For the longest time, celebrities looked at people as the weird people. Them motherfuckers get weird sometimes, man. People get weird. Thats how we looked at people. You switched it. Were the weird people now. You look at us like, What the fuck is wrong with him? Were the weird people. I dont know how to act in public. Hey, why are you staring? Whats going on, man? I think everybody knows. Get your hands out your pocket. Whats happening, man? Come on. fuck you about to do to me? You about to eat me? Come on, man. The fuck you talking about? Nobody worried about your ass. Bullshit. Look at that guy looking at me in his glasses. I know somebody thinks Im dinner when I see it. They trying to eat me here. Making crazy accusations all over the fucking place. Losing my mind. Going crazy. You guys got me living my life like a successful drug dealer. Its a true story. True story. There was a time, if you wanted to come to my house to talk to me, you had to get naked. Get in the fucking pool. How else would I know that youre not wearing a wire? Who you with? E!? People? Who the fuck is you with? Came here for a story for the tabloids. I dont trust you, Dad. [chuckles] Im your father. Shut up, b!tch! Who you been talking to, Dad? Get in the pool. Finish this conversation in six feet. Switch that. Four. Go to four feet. I cant see. Go to four. This is where I am. This is where I am. My wife says the same things, Honey, youre getting old. Getting angry, irritable. Need to get out and get back to yourself. Get back to your ways of old. You cant live like this. I decided to start doing stand-up again. I said, Baby, youre right. I need to go and start doing stand-up comedy again. Thats how I get back to myself. Thats how I get back to me. [crowd applauding] I told my friends I was gonna start doing comedy again. They said, Gonna talk about your wife and kids again? I said, What else do I have? I dont have nothing else. All my b!tches left after the sex tape. Every b!tch I had, left. Every one of them. Where you going, Lorraine? Gladys? Pearl? [chuckles] Where you going? These are older names cause I had older b!tches at the time. Get back here, Ethel. Come on, man. Dont do this to me. Magnus, come on, please. [chuckles] Please dont do this. Loretta, you cant leave. Come on. What else do I have? I have to. Talking about my kids is a must, man. Its a must. Theyre part of my everyday life. I dont know what else to talk about, outside of the things that I go through on the daily. My kids are with me on a daily. Two teenagers, one three-year-old, a baby that could be here any day now. -Any day, any fucking day now. [crowd applauding] About to throw these balls in the trash. I aint having no more fucking babies. Imma roof these balls after this fucking baby come. Imma take both balls, throw them on the fucking roof. You can kiss my ass thinking another child is coming out of these balls, I promise. Youre a fucking liar if you say its my baby. Balls in the trash after this baby. My daughter and I are closer than weve ever been. My daughters boy crazy. Boy crazy. Once again, I gotta act like I like it. I dont. You gotta act like you do. I love this. I love that, in my specials, you get to see the growth of my fucking kids. You see their development. Theyre getting older, man. Daughter told me she likes this boy named Matt at her school. Dad, I like this boy named Matt. Oh, my God. Hes so cute. He makes me laugh. I want him. What the fuck does that mean? What does that mean? I want him. What the fuck are you saying, little girl? Should I tell him? If thats how you feel, tell him. She goes to school, tells him how she feels, comes home, Dad, oh, my God. Guess what? Matt likes me back. Were a thing. Good for you, honey. That makes me happy. Do me a favor, keep it in the kid space, though. Okay, Dad. She comes back home two days later. Dad, I dont like Matt no more. I like this boy named Rob now. He look better, he make me laugh more. Thats who I really want. It happens. Sometimes you think you like somebody, you meet somebody else, you realize thats the person you liked all along. Its called life. Make it happen. Move on. Be honest with the other person. All right, Dad, I love you. Keep it in the kid space. A week goes by. Dad, I dont like Rob no more. I like this boy named Tim. Instantly, in my mind, I said, My daughter a ho. This is ho shit. This is ho shit. -Ho activity right in front of my face. [crowd laughs] I immediately called a ho that I knew from the past. Asked her if this is how it went down for her. Three boys back-to-back. She said, Yup, the same way. Next thing I knew, I was plucking balls in the bathroom. What is happening? Dont want my baby plucking balls. I gotta save her. What I gotta do is see these boys. Went to the school. I wanted to see em, what they look like. I saw em. Saw Matt first. Gotta be honest. Charming little kid, personality was out of this world. I see why she likes Matt. I see it. I get it. Charming little boy. I get it. Personality, funny guy. I see why you like Matt. I get it. Then Rob walked in. Rob walked in. I didnt look at Matt again. I forgot all about Matt. Who the fuck is Matt? Rob had a different thing. Personality popped. Had a bunch of pizzazz, flair. Used his hands a lot when he talked. This kids got something. I see why she dont like fucking Matt. Then Tim walked in. Tim had on leather pants… with some Heelys. You know how confident you gotta be to wear leather pants in high school? A Black kid with leather pants. Theres no Black kid that Ive ever heard about that wore leather pants outside of Lenny Kravitz. Thats the only Black man. And its a rumor that Lenny did it at a young age. Tim had Heelys on, just slid through the fucking room. Jesus Christ, man. Cigarettes under his arms. I said, Do you smoke? He said, Its just a look, as he was gliding by me. [chuckles] -fuck. [crowd laughing] Kids today are different. My son and my daughter are on two different pages. Shit makes me laugh. Always have been. Always have been two completely different pages. My son is… Hes what you call… What do they call it today? What are the kids called today, when the kids are… Dumb. There it is. I got it. Dumb. Struggling academically. I know you guys are like, Dont call your kid dumb. Why not? Hes mine. Chip off the old fucking block. Not like Im standing up here as a smart-ass man. I was dumb as shit, too. Worked out for me so far. Dumb is the right way to go in my household. [crowd applauding] Its the right way to go. Then it pisses me off as the school constantly calls me to remind me of my sons educational problems. Mr. Hart, he failed another test. Mr. Hart, his grades are dropping. Want to discuss your sons grades? They continue to drop. I snapped on em, Dont call me no more. Dont call me about his grades no more. Call him. Call him. Thats his problem. Its not my problem. Last I checked, I went to school. I passed. Im successful. Im not going to school again. He needs to fucking pass that class, not me. Call him. Private schools, man, they got this weird thing. Im not that much of a fan of private schools, Ill be honest. I am not a fan of private schools at all. Yes, my kids attend private schools. Doesnt mean Im a fan of it. I feel like private schools protect kids from reality. They protect you. They protect you from fucking reality. Private school… Private schools breed b!tches. Thats how I feel. I said it. I said it. Im not taking it back. Thats how I feel. Private schools breed b!tches. Im in my comfort zone, Imma let it fly today. Everything that I fucking feel, Imma say. You ever see a grown man get punched in the face that went to private school? He immediately looks for a teacher. [mimics exclaiming] He just… He gives you five of these… Huh. I dont know. Why? Looking for somebody to tell him why. I dont know. Why? What? We gotta have an arbitration. Whens the meeting? Public schools, now thats different. Public schools, you got no choice but to grow the fuck up. You got no choice but to grow up in public schools. Its a pot of fuckshit. They just throw you in it. They just throw you in it. Nobody prepares you for the shit you gonna see. I saw my first white person in public school. I didnt know what the fuck it was. It was the only one there. What the fuck is that? Jesus Christ! I thought it was somebody from Star Wars, Thats a stormtrooper. Its a fucking stormtrooper right there. Just a white person walking down the hall. I was making the noises… [mimics blaster] Its a fucking stormtrooper. No? No, thats a white person. I never knew. Nobody told me what it was. Public school throws you into a pot of fuckshit. Everything is there. White people, Black people, Mexican, Chinese, Puerto Rican. Fat, skinny, gay, straight. Dirty, clean. Its all there. They just push you in. You gotta figure it out. Kids are scared. [mimics exclaiming] They run straight to the teacher, Im scared. Help. The teacher answer, Me, too, b!tch. Walked through the same metal detectors. Dont think Im scared? Keep your back against the locker, head on a swivel. What? Get you some Mace, put it in a plastic bottle like this. Gush it at him. Thats what Id do. Gush it? I dont feel like my kids private school respects my level of celebrity. I dont. I really dont. I mean this. I swear to God, my plan… Im gonna be very honest. Its my fucking household. Im not holding back. They dont respect my level of celebrity. Im a very humble guy. [chuckles] May not seem like it after that sentence, but I am. Im a very humble guy. Whats understood doesnt need to be said. You know who I am. I know you know it. Dont make me say who I am. They put me in the position to have to say who I am. I go drop my kids off at school, teachers come out, surround my car. Mr. Hart, wed love to talk to you for a second. The big fair is coming up. We do this fair once a year at the school. We would love it if you would be the greeter at this years fair. [crowd laughs] I gave her a lot of time for her to say, Im bullshitting. She never said it. I said, Are you fucking kidding me? No, its our biggest fair. We would love it if you would be the greeter. We think you would make an amazing greeter at this years fair. Before I go on with this joke, I wanna make something clear. First things first, I have nothing against greeters. Okay? I dont wanna tell this joke and walk outside my house and youre all there with signs talking about Cancel Kevin Hart cause he dont respect greeters. Cancel Kevin Hart cause he dont respect the greeters. Greeters are amazing people. The job is actually required. I get it. Ive actually been hit with some amazing greetings in my time. I went to Walmart, I got hit with a greeting so fantastic one time… I dont even know where he came from. He just slid in my POV. [chuckles] I walked in. He was like, Welcome to Walmart. You here to get you some stuff? I said, What the fuck? Where did you come from, man? [chuckles] You better get some stuff. We rolling back prices. Then he moonwalked. He just moonwalked out the way. I said, What the fuck just happened? What just happened here? I was so blown away by the greeting, not only did I go get me some stuff, I broke my neck looking for this guy on the way out. I wanted him to see my stuff. Hey, come here, man! Hey, come here. I wanna show you my stuff. He came over, I opened my bag. He was like… Ooh! He said, Ooh! You got you some good stuff. Took out his highlighter, swiped my receipt so people knew I didnt steal. He said, Make sure you come back and see me again. I said, You gonna be here? He said, If Im not, who will? Moonwalks out the way again. -I said, What the fuck? [crowd laughs and applauds] Its one of the best greetings Ive ever seen, man. Of course Imma come back and see you again. Im not shitting on greeters. Im just saying I didnt have to go that route. I went around that to get to my success. You dont come to me and ask me to be the fucking greeter. I had a number-one movie in the box office at the time. -I was on the side of fucking buses. -[crowd applauding] You dont ask me to be the greeter. [crowd laughing] There are parents that got kids that go there that are former actors and actresses that you could have asked. Carlton from the Fresh Prince, Alfonso? Thats your greeter. This right here. Thats what you want in front. Thats your greeter. Terry Crews. He got kids that go there. Thats your greeter. Pec-popping at the front. [mimicking Terry Crews] Hey… Hey… Welcome to the fair. Who want a ticket? What a combination. Parents wouldve went crazy. Whoa! What a school. I want tickets. Im gonna buy every ticket I can. [mimics Crews] Hey… Parents would be blown away. These greeters are amazing. My wife said what she normally says. Kevin, calm down. Get yourself together. You getting older, more irritable, and you dont want that energy to rub off on your kids. Its not gonna rub off on my goddamn kids. I know its not gonna rub off on my kids. This pandemic gave me a chance to spend a lot of time with my kids. A lot of time with my kids. For the first time, I realized my kids are a little spoiled. Theyre a little spoiled. But its not by choice, its by circumstances. I have good kids. My kids are great kids. I gotta be honest. I got very lucky. I got great kids. But because of their circumstances, theyre a little spoiled. For example, theyve been flying private since birth, they didnt ask for that. They were born into that. They only travel with me. First time they traveled without me was during this pandemic with my ex-wife. Went back to Philadelphia with their mom to go see their grandma. My kids called me from the airport. You would have thought my kids were in Baghdad. Ive never seen… a higher level of panic in my fucking life. Called me from the airport, Dad! [whimpering] Whats happening? My daughter was like, Theyre taking my lotions and toothpaste. What am I supposed to do? Theyre making me walk through metal… My son snatched the phone, What the fuck is going on, Dad? They wont let me take my bags. They said I cant take my backpacks, my pulleys, my duffys. I gotta put my games underneath. How am I gonna play em, Dad? I told them both, Relax. Stop it. Stop! Both of you. Its called security. Its called TSA, okay? This is called life with your mother. All right? Theres a difference. Theres a drop-off. Its all right. Things change. Its okay. Youll both be fine. I overlooked some of the things I do because I never thought twice about em. Me and my kids go to the amusement park, we do the whole park. The whole fucking park, man, in 30, 40 minutes. How? Well, I call ahead. Theres a concierge they assign to me. I get to the park, concierge walks me and my family up to the front of every single ride. Done it for years. Keep in mind, I explain to my kids, Listen, this is earned. Its not given. This doesnt just happen. Your father worked hard to be able to walk to the front of these fucking lines. Theres rules. You dont just walk to the front of the line. Rule number one, as we are walking to the front of the line, you do not make eye contact with none of these fucking people in this line. You hear me? You keep your eyes straight ahead and you dont fucking look left or right until we get to the front of the line. These people are gonna say things. Theyre gonna say a lot of mean things about me, you. You just ignore em. Ignore em, because guess what? Were in our car, headed home. Were never gonna see these people again. You know where these people gonna be? Still in that fucking line. Theyre still gonna be in the line. And thats reality. My kids processed that, they understood it. For years, this is how we operated. They called me from the amusement park. They were with their cousins, they FaceTimed me. I answer their FaceTime. I could tell that they were weak. Malnourished, they hadnt eaten in hours, I could tell. They had the white shit in the corner of their mouths. [chuckles] They could barely stand. [mimics yelling] Dad! Weve been in line for hours, we havent rode anything. We got the fast pass, but its not fast at all. Can you call somebody? Can you do something? I said, Who are you with? Our cousins. Is your mother there? Yes. Put your mom on the phone, let me talk to your mom. Got their mom on the phone. She said, Hey, whats up? Hey. Checkmate, b!tch. I hung up the phone. [crowd laughing] I was quick. I havent went over these jokes with my ex-wife yet, I wanna let you guys know. These jokes are gonna come with a price tag attached to em. Probably have to buy her a Tesla truck or something. Somethings gotta happen. Its just a good fucking joke. Those are two good jokes, I cant get rid of em. [all applauding] I thought about those jokes for a long time. I gotta let em fly. Its worth the consequence. Ill send her a couple of text messages after this tape and see how she feels. [Kevin chuckling] My wife says the same thing all the time, Kevin, you getting older. Getting angry, irritable. Im here to tell you I am getting older. Forty-one now, guys. -[crowd cheering and applauding] -I know, right? Where does time go? I was just 22 years old, man. You do not realize how fast time flies. Look back, all those comedy specials on the wall, thats a timeline of my fucking life. Thats damn near 16 years of comedy, man. Sixteen fucking years of comedy, like, its insane. [crowd applauding] Forty-one. What happened? Shit changes at the age of 40. You hear about it, but you dont believe it, things change. Im here to tell you, shit does change. Biggest change for me, after the age of 40, the balls dropped. I got some length. Got some fucking length on my balls. I didnt ask for it. Just happened. I didnt even know. I was in the kitchen. Bent over, wife said, Why you got dice in your back pocket? I aint got no fucking dice in my back pocket. Touched my back pocket, Goddamn, those are my fucking balls. How did my balls get in my back pocket? What just happened to me? How long was I asleep? Who stretched me out while I was asleep? The biggest thing for me is how content I am at this age, man. I am okay. Im very serious, man. I am okay. I dont need to do much. I love being in the fucking house. I actually built the house. Me and my wife built the house, thats where we wanted to stay. We wanted to stay in this fucking house. Lets build our dream house to stay in it, not to leave it. Women got a problem with doing this thing called sitting the fuck down. Its very difficult for women to sit the fuck down. Sit the fuck down. Thats a task for women. A womans favorite line, Lets go do some stuff. What stuff? Mmm-mmm. Something. The fuck are you saying? Something. [Kevin chuckles] A bunch of men… Theres a bunch of men rejoicing. Yeah! Something, I dont know. Something. You know what my wifes biggest problem is? Chasing her past. Trying to redo what she did when she was younger. Ladies, Im here to give you a personal message. Its okay to get old. Theres nothing wrong with getting old. [crowd applauding] Theres nothing wrong with it. Stop fighting old age. The beauty of getting older is that you get to look back and realize all the dope shit that you overcame and that you did when you were younger. Thats dope. Stop trying to run from that. Stop trying to redo that. Its over. Its fucking over. She told me the other day, We should go out tonight. We should get fucked up. [chuckles] I said, Absolutely not. No. Why would I do that? No. It hurts. It fucking hurts now. Take a shot, it gets stuck in my chest for three to five fucking minutes. My left side shut down, I get the shaking and shit. I gotta fart or shit. I dont know, its one of em, somethings happening. Making dumbass faces. I describe this to my wife in great detail. You know what her answer was? You dont never wanna have fun with me. I said, B!tch, I just described a stroke to you. Thats a stroke. Thats a legal stroke. Im shutting down. You dont wanna have fun with me. You dont ever want to do stuff. After the age 40, you know what, you lose a high level of care. I dont really give a fuck. My wife wanna go out, I dont. You go. I dont give a fuck. Im serious. I dont give a fuck what you do. Thats not in a malicious or angry way. Im serious. I dont give a fuck. Go! Have a good time. Go! Ladies, you dont know how to not give a fuck, thats your problem. If you guys could match a mans not-give-a-fuck energy, oh, my God, the world would be a better place. Itd be a better place. But you dont know how to not give a fuck. Youre always searching for a fuck cause you just… You cant. You dont process it. You cant figure it out. Imma tell you your problem, ladies, and I want you to listen closely. Heres what makes a woman really mad. You guys get upset if a man does not give you the reaction that you feel that you would give him. Imma say it again. Ladies, you get upset if a man does not give you the reaction that you feel that you would give him. Hence why youre always searching for a give-a-fuck. ‘Cause on the other side, youre like, I would give a fuck. [woman] Yeah. So you should give a fuck. [woman] Yeah. Thats why you search for give-a-fucks. My wife constantly search for em. She wants to go out. Go out. She cant just leave. All right, babe, Im going out. Cool. Me and the girls. Got it. We probably getting fucked up tonight. Do you. I dont know what time we coming back. Ill be asleep either way, its fine. Shes searching for give-a-fucks. There are no give-a-fucks! Go! Im excited for you to leave so I can eat chips off my belly button. I dont give a fuck. Go! They cant do it. Hence you want the same from men. You dont understand, first and foremost, stop expecting us to be as bright and brilliant as you. If a man goes out and hes over 40 years old, Im here to tell you, there is no plan attached to that. There is no fucking agenda. Theres no schedule. Stop asking questions because we dont have the answers. Granted, I know some insecurities are brought on because of men and the things that they did in the past… Im guilty of it… but after the age of 40, it goes away. It goes away. We dont give a fuck about shit. We dont care. Stop looking for shit. I told her… The one time I said I was going out. Babe, Im going out. Where you going? I dont even know yet. Who going with you? Whoever come I guess, I dont know. What yall gonna do? Im trying to figure it out now. I dont know what were doing. Yall gonna eat? I hope so, Im hungry. I havent eaten. What time you back? Whatever time we done. What the fuck is going on here? Am I getting graded? What is this? I dont have the answers! Im failing miserably. Stop asking me questions. I cant fuckin deal with it. Theres a high level of insecurity sometimes thats not worth you having, ladies. We got into an argument one time. Got into a fucking argument. Two reasons. First, she asked me this big question. I had to explain that I didnt know. Another secret, ladies. After men say, We going out, we actually meet in the parking lot and try to figure out what the fuck we doing. We actually have another meeting ourselves. Whats the plan? I thought you had it. I dont, I thought you did. Nobody got a fuckin plan? Im out. Im not staying here doing this shit. I go home, go to sleep. I got back home early. You back early cause you was with a b!tch. No, I wasnt! I was in a parking lot at Home Depot for 45 minutes… talking about absolutely nothing, which is why I came home. I dont like fuckin arguing. Im at an age where I dont argue, I just leave. Thats my new move. You argue with yourself. Ill be back. [chuckles] Ill be back. Hopefully when I come back, you aint got no energy. Thats my fuckin move. We argued in the morning and I left. It was 7:00 a.m. She called me, Im in the car. She was like, You probably getting your dick sucked. At 7:00 a.m.? What b!tch is that ambitious thats out here at 7:00 a.m… sucking dick? What type of daywalker do you think Im dealing with? Jesus Christ! A 7:00 a.m. dicksucker on the loose, thats got you worried? What are you readin? Whats the blog that told yall to worry about the dicksucker at 7:00 a.m.? Watch your man, ladies! Since 7:00 a.m., dicksucker on the prowl! Thanks, girl. I saw it on my… [chuckling] I saw it on my security camera. Outside looking for dicks. Came down… [laughing] I saw her looking for dicks on my security camera. Somewhere out there looking for dicks. Shit that I deal with is unreal. All my wifes insecurities dropped down after she read my group chat. Ladies, if you got a man over 40 years old in this room, I challenge you to check his phone and read his group chat. Do it! Over 40? You should do it. Under 40? I dont recommend it, you gambling. You fuckin gambling. Forty and above? Go, read it! You will never read a more inconsistent and unfocused conversation in your life. All my group chat conversations start off the same. They all start off great. Yo! You see that picture of Rihannas ass? Goddamn. Shit! fuck! I saw it. Random question flies in the chat. If you run out of butter, what else can I put in the pan? What? I aint got no butter, man. What else can I use? Howd you run out of butter? I dont know, but its gone. Another statement flies in. I cant even eat butter. It makes my gout act up. Gout? When you get gout? I been had gout. I didnt know you had gout. I told yall I had gout. Another statement flies in the chat. What the fuck is gout? A picture from WebMD hit the chat. Pow! Description of gout and what the fuck it can do. Goddamn, you got that? Then the chat goes silent for five days. Dont nobody saying shit. Forty and up, the chat just die. Nobody ends it. Day six, they pick up right where they left off. What else make your gout act up? My friend Joey dont know how to use emojis. Thats how she thought she had somethin one time. You know, Joeys the older one, Joeys the one with gout. We tease him all the time. You gout-having b!tch. We just tease him. He was getting mad in the chat. Im tired of yall teasin me all the time. Yall just mad Im doing the right thing with my life. Im getting healthy. In fact, Im bout to go get me a bunch of these right now. He put five eggplants back-to-back. Then he put… [chuckles] Then he put the tongue emoji with the splash. I said, What the fuck… are you talking about, Joey? What are you talking about right now? You just said youre about to go take five dicks to the face… [chuckles] and get them off. Thats what you just said. No, I didnt say that! Yes, you did. Five eggplants, tongue, splash. You said youre taking it to the face, finishing em off, thats what you just said. fuckin Joey. Older you get, the more direct and honest you get. Me and my wife are at a very direct and honest space in our relationship. Very honest. Very honest, man. My wife told me the other day, Honey, your sex is no longer what it used to be. To my fuckin face! Aint this a b!tch? Were in my home, I got no problem being honest with yall. To my fuckin face. Told me my sex is falling off. Know what my response was? Happens. Thats what I said. Happens. I dont give a shit. fucking 41, I dont got time to be fuckin all day. Im tired. Im tired. I dont believe that you can be successful and have good dick. I said it. Thats how I feel. Thats how I fuckin feel. Im not taking it back. I said it. I dont believe that you can be successful and have good dick. I told her, Gotta pick one. You want this life or good dick? Im not gonna do both. Not doing both. Im not giving you both. Pick one. When I had good dick, I was broke, I had nothing. I was out here fucking for transportation when I had good dick. fuckin for tokens. Sick of walking. I need to put down some good dick, get in somebodys car around here. It was cold in Philadelphia. You dont know my life. Stop judging me. But because youre married, you gotta fuckin compromise. Gotta meet you halfway. I told her, You feel like I need to do better sexually? Pick a date. Pick a date. On that date, Im required to give out some good dick. You pick a date, on that date, Im required to give out some good dick. She picked the eighth of every month. All right. You better buckle the fuck up. Im bout to drop some dick on your ass like you never had. To thump your ass right now. Thats exactly what Imma do. Its all fun and games until the week of. You get nervous as shit, man. [chuckles] My friends saw it on my face, You good? No, I aint good. I gotta fuck in five days, man. Gotta fuck her on the eighth. I was out here drinking pineapple juice, eating celery. I dont… I dont know what the fuck is happening to me. Sweatin. Damn, man, I gotta fuck in three days! Countdown. Felt like I had the NBA Finals coming up or some shit, huh? Icing my legs, I didnt know what was happening. The eighth came up, I did a good job. -Gave out a batch of some good dick. -[scattered applause] Thank you for the applause, I appreciate it. Very sad that you felt like you had to clap there, but Ill take it. Thank God, Kevin. Jesus! My honesty backfired over there. Ooh! Oh. Gave out some good dick on the eighth. In true woman fashion, on the ninth, she tried to get some more. Its not our agreement. Thats not the deal we made. I said one date. Every other day could be trashy dick or not. You dont fuckin expect the same thing again. After my fuckin bedtime, she come in 8:30 p.m., drunk as shit. Its late. [all laugh] Trying to wake me up, Get up. Trying to get some dick. Trying to get more of that eighth dick. Thats what she said. [all laugh] I want some more of that eighth dick. Let me get some of that eighth dick. I snap, Get the fuck off me, get your hands off of me. Coming here this late at night waking me up. Waking the dog up. Older you get, you care more about the animals than anything else. The dog aint had a good nights sleep in the last two weeks, you come in here all loud? Pissed off, Im very pissed off right now. Me and the dog went downstairs, slept. Slept in the guest fucking room. Im not gonna stay with you and your selfishness cause you want some more of that eighth dick. You just lost a month is what you just did. Took the next eighth off the contract is what I did. You know, honestly, what makes me laugh? Hearing other people talk about sex. Thats enough for me. Hearing other people talk about sex is the funniest shit in the world. Funniest people to listen to talk about sex is my nephews. My nephews are 21, 22 years old. Its the funniest shit that youll ever hear, man. Funniest shit youll ever hear, but they dont offer the information, you gotta bait it out of them. You gotta set a trap, see if they fall for it. I set the trap, they fall in every time. I just come in the room, hot. Yall aint fuckin yet. They take the bait every time. Who aint fuckin? Every time. Who aint fuckin? I know you aint sayin me. I know you aint sayin I aint fuckin. Im fuckin! I know you aint sayin me. Go ahead, Unc. You aint fuckin, b!tch. I know your young ass aint fuckin. Im fuckin, Unc. Tell me what you doing. No, I aint telling you. ‘Cause if I tell you, youll put it in your comedy show. I aint talking about you, shut up. What would I put you in my comedy show for? I got jokes, I dont need you. What you doing? Give me the nastiest thing that youve done. No judging? No judging. fuck Imma judge you for? All right. Nastiest thing Ive done… Went to the movies with this girl. We go to the movies, she tell me to get a large bucket of popcorn. I get the bucket of popcorn, I sit down, she cut a hole in the bottom, told me put my dick through the hole, gave me a butter beat-off. I said, What the fuck? Listen, I caught myself, I had to act like I knew what it was. Ha-ha! Ah. A butter beat-off. I know thats right. A butter beat-off. You know you older cause you ask the wrong questions. fuck yall get a large for? Why you waste all that popcorn? You shouldve just got the small. Its a $12, $14 difference, aint it? Why you get that? The butter dont get in your hole? That sound like an infection waiting to happen. Its how you catch the VID. You gonna get the VID. Get the ‘VID-19 doing that shit, putting the butter in your hole. You dont want the butter in your hole. I ran home and told my wife. Aint gonna believe this shit. Terrence told me these kids out here giving each other butter beat-offs. She said, They still doing that? I said, What the fuck is happening here? Who are you? I dont even wanna know no more. You just stop right there. My kids better not be doing it, I know that much. If I find out my kids are doing it, Ill have a goddamn fit. You cant just ask your kids, though. You gotta, once again… You gotta set the trap, see if they step in it. We at dinner, eating a good dinner at the house, nice dinner. I throw the question out to my wife, We should go to the movies. Maybe you can give a butter beat-off. I look right at my fuckin daughter. Right at my daughter. Staring at her ass. She didnt budge. She was cool as a fan, eating her food and shit. Ive never been more proud as a father. Thank you, God. Thank you, God, she dont even know what it is. Thank you, God. Turn this way, my son was like, Oh, yeah. [crowd laughing] He said, Yeah! [chuckles] You better get the large, Dad. You dont want that butter in the hole, youll catch the ‘VID! Again. You dont want it twice. [chuckles] You dont want back-to-back cases of the ‘VID, Dad. My wife actually beat me up, made me take her on a date. Took her to a dinner party. Im not name-dropping, but this joke doesnt make sense unless I… drop the name. I went to Seinfelds house for a dinner party. Some of the best food Ive ever had. Food was fuckin amazing, man. At the end of the dinner party, Seinfeld came walking out. He was like, [imitates Seinfeld] Nobody go anywhere. You guys are in for a treat. Tonight… were gonna have some brick-oven pizza. [in normal voice] Everybody went crazy. What? Oh, my God! Brick-oven pizza? What? One lady was like, How many cheeses, Jerry? Jerrys like, Seven different cheeses. Seven different cheeses. People went crazy. By the way, all these people were white. These are all fuckin white people. They start chanting, BOP! The fuck is BOP, man? [chanting] BOP! What the fuck is BOP? White woman leans over the table, she was like, Its short for brick-oven pizza. I was like, Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, okay, I get it. Seinfeld has some Italian men walk out. They had pizza-like garb on. They start passing out the pizza saying Italian shit… [imitating Italian accent] I dont know Italian. [imitating Italian accent] It just dawned on me, as I told that joke, what Im doing is racist right now. I apologize. [imitating Italian accent] People were eating the pizza, going crazy. Oh, my God. I taste the cheeses, Jerry. I taste the cheeses. They brought me my pizza. I took a bite. I couldnt fucking believe it. Best pizza Ive ever had in my life. Best fucking pizza Ive ever had. It had some type of lettuce on it. Ive never tasted this shit. Told my wife, Its got some type of lettuce on it. Wait till you taste it. This white woman leaned over again, she was like, Its arugula. What? Its arugula. Oh, shit. I took another bite. I got caught up. BOP, BOP, BOP. BOP, BOP… [chuckles] What an amazing night. fucking amazing night, from start to finish, man. In the car, I was pissed. I was pissed, you know why? Because I wanted what Seinfeld had. I wanted that fucking moment, man. Seinfeld was known as the brick-oven-pizza guy. He was known for something else outside of his fame. I wanted that. What really pissed me off was that the same people who built Seinfelds house built my house. Not once was I offered the option of getting a brick pizza oven at my goddamn house. This was racism at the highest level. Its fucking racist. The next morning comes, I call the contractors. I come in hot, You racist fucks! For you guys to offer Seinfeld the option of getting a brick pizza oven and not even bringing it up to me shows just how racist you are. You better make it right or its gonna get worse for you. I hang up the phone. Pow! They call back, What are you talking about? You know what Im talking about. Black lives matter. Hung up again. Pow. Within a day, theyre at my house. Had a blueprint of what my pizza oven can look like. Within a week, I had a brick pizza oven in the back of my house. Once again, I wanted what Seinfeld had. I invited all my friends over. Im gonna have a dinner party, just like Seinfeld did. All my friends finish eating. I come out at the end of dinner the same way Seinfeld did. All right. Nobody go anywhere because you guys are in for a treat tonight. Were gonna have some brick-oven pizza tonight. You hear murmurs around the room. fuck is he talking about? I aint eating no pizza off no brick. Everybody at my party is Black. These are all Black people. You better order Dominos. Im not eating that shit. [Kevin chuckles] I said, Now, I know what youre thinking. How many cheeses? Seven different cheeses. More murmurs. Im lactose intolerant. Im not eating all that fucking cheese. Everyone knows you only put that much cheese on macaroni. Im not gonna eat that. Whats his problem? I said, Everybody get up. Lets go outside cause thats where the brick-oven pizza is. More murmurs. Its cold as shit outside. Im not going outside. Black people got a response for every fucking thing. Im not gonna do that. Im not going outside. I said, Come on, everybody, say it with me, [chanting] ‘BOP, BOP, BOP.' My friend Jamal stood up in the back, Oh, if you got some BOP outside, Im going. Naim said, What the fuck is BOP? He said, Man, he got some big old pussy out there. Im goin. I said, No, Jamal, aint no big old pussy out there. Yes, it is. Thats what BOP is. No, its not. Yes, it is. I was with you. We was in Atlanta, that big b!tch said, ‘Wanna see my BOP?' Whats that? And she was like, ‘Big old pussy.' And me and you start tipping her. I aint got no ones but I want to see it again. Everybody left. I never got my moment. I did not get my moment. Keep in mind, I wanted that. I wanna be known for something outside my fucking fame, man. I wanted be known as Kevin Hart, the brick-oven-pizza guy, and the moment was gone. I had to find a new hobby. Searched hard for a new hobby, too. I was road biking for a minute. Getting miles in on the bike. I stopped, though. The reason why I stopped, I didnt like the way my dick looked in the outfit. True story. Looked like I had a clit, I didnt like it. ‘Tween that and the long balls, it was a bad combination. Shit just didnt look right. When you stop at a light, you gotta click out. [chuckles] You gotta snap out, like, Hey, whats up? Cars were slowing down. fuck you slowing down for, man? Get out here! Stop looking. This lady slowed down. It was 7 a.m. I said, You get outta here. I know what you want. Daywalker. Get your ass out of here. Aint no dicks out here for you, lady. Get out of here, daywalker. Get out of here. I started boxing. Boxing became a hobby. I started boxing because I felt like it was something I could get better at every day. Every day, I can get good. Its me against me. Went and found a trainer. The guy had amazing talent underneath his belt. Golden Glove fighters, Junior Olympics… I mean, theres so much, lightweight champions. I said, I know youre not working now, but Ill pay you good money to train me. He said, If you take me on, Ill make you the best fighter ever. I said, Thats too much. I dont want that. I just want to get good. He said, Done. He became my trainer. Gotta be honest with you. He was fucking good. Made me good. Told me shit I thought I would never hear. Compared me to boxers Ive never heard of, but it still was a compliment. Told me I reminded him of a fighter named Lefty Lou Earl. Hes like, Kevin, do you know who that is? I said, No, I do not. He said, Imma bring you a tape. You got a VCR? No, I do not. Then he made me laugh when I told him I didnt have one. He was like… [grunts] Like I was in the wrong year. Cant believe you dont have a VCR. Goddamn. Why do you still have a VCR, sir? Told me I have one of the best jabs hes ever seen. He said, Your jab reminds me of lightning coming from your shoulders. Lightning coming from your fucking shoulders. He said, You thought about fighting? I said, No. What about sparring? I said, No, but I would. Thats all I need to hear. Tomorrow. 6 a.m. Ill set you up. You need to see how good you are. 6 a.m., I come to the gym. He got a guy there, my height, my build. Got my head gear, my codpiece, my mouthpiece. Puts it all on me. Starts putting Vaseline all on my face and my headgear. I said, Whats this for? He said, So the punches slide off. [crowd laughs] Well, we never talked… Okay. We didnt discuss that, but all right. Okay. If thats what its gonna do, then thats what its gonna do. Hes done putting Vaseline on. Walks out the ring. I said, Wait, you didnt do him yet. He said, Hes okay. He dont need it. Huh. All right. Thats weird. Okay, whatever. Im gonna go with the flow. He said, Were gonna do three three-minute rounds. Nobodys here to hurt anybody. Have a good time. Keep it loose. He yells out, Take it easy on him. I assume hes talking to me. Gotta be talking to me. I yelled back, Gotcha, coach. Put a confident laugh behind it. Ha, ha! We get to our corners. The bell rings. Ding. I come out. I want him to see that I could fight. You could tell I can fight by the way I hold my shoulders. Look how Im moving. Hmm? My feet are spaced apart. Look at my foot move. Look how Im moving, b!tch. This aint gonna be no cakewalk. Mmm-hmm. Yeah, you see it. He flatfooted. Oh! Hes not even on the balls of his foot. Im gonna whoop his ass. Im getting more confidence as I move around. My coach says, Kevin, stop playing. Let your hands go. All right. Ask and you shall receive. I hope he got the Weather Channel, cause this is about to be some lightning. When you throw a jab, you take a step. Take a step, let the jab go at the same time. Turn it over. Every time. [mimics punch] Thats how you throw it. I take my step. Im about to turn it over. Im right here. Here it is. About to turn that b!tch over. You better brace yourself. Here it come. Ooh. Its coming. Right here. Im right here, but Im about to get here. Here I am, but Im about to get right there. You better brace yourself. Im right here. Before I did that… [knocking] he hit me. I immediately lost my vision. Immediately. I went blind immediately. Couldnt see shit. Everything was black. Aah… I read that you could get brain damage or die from a punch. I just lost my fucking vision. I dont have eyesight no more. I cant see. I panicked. I turned around. Ive been known to do this move several times. I start punching backwards. Ive talked about it in my past specials. Im a backwards puncher. When I panic, I fucking start punching. My trainer said, Kevin, throw the jab, throw the jab! I said, For what, liar? It aint lightning unless hes a storm tracker, okay? Because this is fucking ridiculous. Im blind. I cant see shit. Aah! Im blind. Ring the bell. Ring the fucking bell. The bell rings. I cant get to the corner. I gotta follow his voice to the corner. Aah! As I get to the corner, my trainer, hes like, Whats wrong? I said, Im blind. I cant fucking see. He just lift my head gear up… Apparently, when he hit me, he knocked my head gear over my eyes. It was black, so I was just looking at the back of it the whole time. Hes like, Why didnt you lift it up? I said, Because we never went over that in practice. I think you put too much Vaseline on me. Thats why I was sliding all over the place. Sliding all over the fucking place. I dont wanna do this no more. Youre just gonna quit? I dont call it that, I just wanna do something else. What you gonna tell him? I said, Im never talking to him again in my fucking life. My lawyer will talk to him. Hes going to jail. I bet you that. Hes going to fucking jail after this. What he did to me tonight was assault. Thats what the fuck this was. Assault at the highest level. I quit. Walked away from boxing that day. Walked away. Never went back. Later on, I decided to look up some tape on Lefty Lou Earl. I went and found this guy. I wanted to know who he was. Who are you comparing me to? After that display of boxing that I gave, I wanted to see who the fuck was like me or who was I like? Turns out Lefty Lou Earl had one arm. He was a handicapped fighter. He was one in thirty-eight. His one win came from disqualification. He got knocked out, they kicked him in the face. Thats why they gave him the W. He had a squeaky voice. So my trainer was talking about my voice all this time. It had nothing to do with my fighting style. Just so happened to compare me to a handicapped fighter. I know, Im gonna get a lot of shit after this joke from fucking one-armed people. I guess, theyll cancel me next, I dont know. Good news is their rally wont last long cause they cant hold them signs for too long. [chuckles] ‘Cause they only got one… [chuckles] Theyre gonna get tired. They gotta put them arms down. Unless they coordinate it right with the equal amount of right hands and left hands, theyre not gonna get their message across to cancel me. So… thats some good news. Maybe I should take that one out. Lets take that one out. Im gonna get canceled for that one. fuck it. Im in my house. Im gonna say what the fuck I want. Its a joke. [crowd applauding] Its a joke. I was so happy, man, after that spar, because that was the first sign that I was back to myself of old. I started sparring after my accident. You guys dont know, a year ago, I got into a really bad car accident. Almost fucking died, man. Damn near paralyzed. A lot of bad shit happened. I was in a hospital for a minute. Thought about a lot. ‘Cause I thought about a lot, I can now ask you things that I know you havent thought about. Question number one is, do you have an ass wiper in your life? Think about it. An ass wiper. Somebody that will wipe your ass if shit hit the fan for the rest of your life, if need be. You dont think you need it until you fucking need it. After surgery, I didnt go to the bathroom for eight days. I was constipated. They wouldnt let me leave until I went to the bathroom. Had to make sure my organs were working. I had somebody by my side every single day. On day nine, there was a 20-minute gap when I was by myself. During this gap, it felt like somebody threw a stick of dynamite in my fucking stomach and that b!tch exploded. Boo! Uh-oh. Uh-oh. I gotta go. I gotta go to the fucking bathroom. Cant move my legs. I cant move my arms. Theres nobody there. I start pressing the help button. Help! Help! Help! Help! Somebody gotta help! José came running in the room. José was a 60-year-old Mexican nurse. Whats up, my friend? [crowd laughing] José. I gotta go to the bathroom, man, now. I gotta go right now. Okay. I got you, man. Ill take care of you. Ill get you good. José grabbed my legs, grabs my upper body, picks me up, sits me on the toilet that was right next to the bed. After he sits me on the toilet, José took two giant steps backwards, [grunts] folded his arms, was looking me in the eye, rocking back and forth like this. Oh, no. The fuck is happening, José? I gotta go, man. Why you still here? Then it dawned on me, Oh, my God, Josés gotta wipe my ass. Oh, this is rock bottom. This is it. This is rock fucking bottom. Im here. It cant get worse than this. When I say that, José decides to say things that make me feel better. Dont worry, man. Im gonna wipe you good, okay? Im gonna wipe you good, okay, man? I got you. Youre in good hands with me. Imma wipe you good, okay, man? At this point, Im fucking in disbelief. I just cant believe whats happening. I cant hold it. I just go. I start going. José decides to cheer me on. Good, good, good. You gotta get it out, man. Eight days a long time for anybody, man. I get done going, José grabs my right arm, rolls me over. José starts wiping my ass. At this point, a single tear rolls down my fucking cheek. Im crying. The reason Im crying is because my arms are numb, my legs are numb. But I couldnt figure out why God would leave feeling in the space of my ass. Why not numb that up, too? Why let me feel what the fuck is happening? At the lowest point of my life, why feel José wiping my ass? Crying uncontrollably at this point. José decides to say something else. Its okay, man. This is crazy, man. I know. Imagine how I feel, man. I cant believe Im wiping Kevin Harts ass, man. [crowd laughs and applauds] This is crazy. -Its my first famous ass, man. [crowd cheering] Guys, this has been such an amazing night of fucking comedy. Dude, its been such a great night. [all cheering] Such a great, intimate night. We shared so much. I love it. Its such a different vibe. Its a comfortable vibe. Its a sexy vibe. More importantly, it was a vibe that I got to be myself in, but I dont want you guys to leave with just some laughter from jokes. I feel like I can give you more. I want you to know me for more, okay? ‘Cause I got more. I got more. [crowd applauding] With that being said, I hope you guys are ready for some BOP. Bring out the BOP. Thats right. Brick-oven pizza for everybody. BOP! Yes, thats right. I got some BOP for you. I see you. [all applauding] [all chanting] BOP! Yes! Thank you guys so much. What an amazing night. [chanting] BOP! BOP! [gasps] Whats wrong with you, boy? I just had the the craziest dream. Oh, my gosh. No, it was crazy. Its okay. No, its not. I dreamt that I was on stage, and I was doing stand up about stuff that I would never say. I called my daughter a ho. I called my son dumb. I said I dont like private school and the plant-based community was wilin. -[sputters] -All right. I went through this whole phase where I said I was at Seinfelds house. I aint never been to Seinfelds house. I said, I said– Go back to sleep. You were just having a bad nightmare. [groans] Just a nightmare, right? Yeah. It was just… It was just a nightmare. Yes, go back to sleep, please. You ever had BOP? No? [hip-hop music playing]

SAM MORRIL@I GOT THIS@2020@Sam Morril second one-hour special I Got This was released on the Comedy Central Stand-Up YouTube page in February 2020. (audience cheering) Okay. Thank you for coming out in horrible weather for this. I appreciate it. This is a good thing. Its a good time to be alive. Great time to be a man, right? The bar is nice and low. (audience laughing) Its nice. I was with a girl the other night. She said, I dont think we should have sex. I was like, oh, thats cool. And then she goes, Wow, youre a great guy. (audience laughing) I was like, thats all it takes? (audience laughing) Im pretty sure the alternative is a felony. I dont know if Im a great guy, but Ill take it. I had a good mom growing up, you know? Ever since I was a little kid, my mom would say, No means no, and she was talking about cookies, but I put it together, you know? I met a girl after a show in Florida. Im not bragging, but I do pretty well in Tampa, (audience laughing) and… she said, Ill drive you back to your hotel, but theres no way that Im coming upstairs. I said, whatever you want to do is fine with me. So, in the parking lot, were making out. She said, All right, Ill come upstairs, but there is no way that youre getting laid. And I was like, am I being recorded right now? (audience laughing) This feels like a #MeToo sting operation. (audience laughing) So, very loudly into her chest, I said, thats totally cool. (audience laughing) This is Sam Morril, March 22nd, 2018. (audience laughing) Timestamp. No, I like consent. Consent is the shit. Consent, thats the best part, the consent. Sometimes I get the consent and then I just, I go home and I jack off instead. (audience laughing) Get a good eight hours of sleep. (audience laughing) And my friends asked, Did you get laid last night? And I say, no, but I got the consent, so, pretty cool. No, I take the #MeToo movement very seriously. I wont even watch office porn anymore. Thats how… (audience laughing) You can laugh. Its a nice gesture, it is, you know. I used to like office porn, but now I see it and Im like, he should not have done that. (audience laughing) There should be a guy that comes on at the end like, yeah, he doesnt work here anymore. That was crazy. There was this gay porn star. I was reading about this guy. Thats how I know this. (audience laughing) And he… I do a lot of reading. And he got banned from all these porn sites because he has Nazi tattoos on his chest, which you gotta be kind of a scumbag for porn sites to be like this doesnt really align with our values. (audience laughing) Were kind of a family here at Gang.net, and… Were disappointed. It was hard for me to come out tonight, you know? Its not the weather, its my neighbors are breaking up, but I didnt want to miss it, you know? It sounds very painful for them, so I dont feel good about it, but have you ever heard a relationship unravel from the comfort of your own couch? (audience laughing) Its kind of nice. Ill be watching the game and I hear the fight start and I have to hit mute so I can listen. (audience laughing) I was watching tennis and I just overheard her go, Oh, yeah? and I was like click. (audience laughing) She just yells out, You have a tiny dick. And I was like, cancel my plans. (audience laughing) This is more important. And then he goes, Oh, yeah? Youre a fucking bitch. And I was like all right, so far shes winning for sure, you know? Not even close. And then she goes, Oh, yeah? Your dick is so small… So, shes recycling material, but, still a devastating blow, you know? Not easy to come back from. And then he yells out, Oh, yeah? Well, your pussy stinks. And I was like, all right, we got a match on our hands here. (audience laughing) And its going back and forth so much, it almost starts to sync up with the tennis match where its like tiny dick, stinky pussy. Tiny dick, Stinky pussy. So, finally, I had to knock on the door. I said, hey, its Sam from across the hall. Long-time listener, first-time knocker. (audience laughing) You guys are killing it. I wore a little referee shirt. I said both of you should drop your pants. Ill settle this right now, you know? (audience laughing) Breakups, man, theyre painful, right? They dont feel good. I got a text from my ex not too long ago. Out of the blue, she wrote, Just so you know, Im seeing this new guy. And I wrote back, oh, wow, okay. And then she wrote, What, you didnt think I was ever gonna date ever again? And I said, no, I didnt remember signing up for the push notifications, you know? (audience laughing) Id like to hear less from you and the HuffPo if possible. (audience laughing) But neither of you will leave me be. (audience laughing) You know, the problem is we have sex ed when were kids, but we need relationship ed. Thats where we need the help. I dont need help with how to put a condom on. I need help with what to do when she starts packing her . (audience laughing) Thats where I need the guidance. Shes like, I dont love you anymore. And Im like, cool, Coach Mitchell did not cover this part, but I could show you where the is. Shes like nows not a good time. Im like, keep me posted. I wear a condom every time. You have to. Its not fun, but you gotta do it. Its like doing volunteer work. (audience laughing) ‘Cause during, Im like this kind of shucks, but then afterwards, Im always thinking good for me. (audience laughing) Yeah. I do it for the kids, thats why, you know? (audience laughing) Gotta wear a condom. Its not the best, but you know. Lambskin, anyone do a lambskin condom? Yeah, you do it? What do you think? You like it? Its so much better? It is, yeah, no one else? Its just me and her? Were the only shepherds in the house tonight? What happened? (audience laughing) It is good, right? It feels better. Heres how you do it if you dont know. You in a lambskin, and then you eat a gyro, and then you go out in a wool sweater. You gotta use the entire animal. Thats how you do it. I feel bad in relationships cause Im very disappointing, you know? I really am. I think women are like, hes a comic, hell be fun. Im fun. Theres other stuff. Im like the Dominican Republic, you know? Im great for like five days, and then… (audience laughing) Then I go this has some problems I was not aware of. (audience laughing) Im not Haiti, but Im in the vicinity of what that is. Weird time. And I feel for you women. Look, the #MeToo stuff, I get it. Its a very emotional issue. Its also a very important issue. Its a weird combo, though. You know, sometimes Ill see posts that as a man, it doesnt fully resonate. I saw a post the other day that said, theres nothing more feared than an intelligent woman. I was like thats not true. (audience laughing) Thats not even in my top five. (audience laughing) And I frighten easily, but Ive never been on the subway at two in the morning and been like, oh no. (audience laughing) This looks like a pack of valedictorians right here. (audience laughing) Hope theyre not summa cum laude. (audience laughing) So much has changed. Its kind of crazy if you think about it. I think about some of these movies from the 80s, these sex comedies like Porkys or Revenge of the Nerds. I love those movies. They always had that scummy best friend. You know the guy Im talking about? Hed always ask questions like, Did you get laid last night? If he said no, hed be like, This guy blew it. I miss that character cause its gonna be extinct. Theyre gonna remake these movies. Theyre gonna have to write in a woke best friend. Some guy like, Did you smash last night? Nah, we just talked. And hes like, Well, sometimes a conversation is equally fulfilling, so… (audience laughing) Thats kind of cool. A lots changed. Some of its for the better, obviously. I remember in college not that long ago, they would say things like dont go to that frat house. They roofie. Thats a thing they would say out loud. And Id be, oh my God, should we do something? Like, no, just dont go there. (audience laughing) Thats it? (audience laughing) I got roofied at a party in college by accident, but you know, it still counts. Obviously, it was an accident. No one at the party was like Im gonna roofie that hairy boy over there. Let me… (audience laughing) Let me a passed-out werewolf tonight. (audience laughing) That is male privilege right there, isnt it? I just told a room full of people I got roofied. I did not see one concerned face in here. (audience laughing) Everyone in here is like I assume things worked out for you, and they did. Still weird, though. Heres what happened. I was at a party and this guy handed a girl a drink, and she said, Im too drunk. And I said, Ill drink it. And he gave me this hateful look, and I thought, why is this guy so mad at me? And then I chugged it, and I woke up the next morning, and I was like oh. That guys a sexual predator. (audience laughing) And my friend said you ruined his night. And I was like, thats not how I want to think about it, you know? (audience laughing) You dont want to think of yourself as a -block to some monster. (audience laughing) I prefer to think of myself as an accidental hero. (audience laughing) I have a negative-one rapes, so, you know. Statistically, you know… I cant, you guys. I cant take all the credit, you know? Its kind of like if I was driving drunk and I just swerved and accidentally hit a mugger. (audience laughing) And some woman is like, My hero, and Im like if you say so, but I might have a substance abuse problem, so… Its hard not to drink man. Its very hard. I work in a place where theres a bar every night. Ive been trying to be good. Its very difficult. I read this article that said try to replace drinking with another activity like tennis with a friend. I was like, yeah, thats a very helpful example. Thats always the crossroads I find myself at at 4:57 a.m. I cant tell you how often Im coming out of a blackout like I should have done doubles instead. Thats… I brought my Wilson racket and everything. You tell me to replace an addiction with cardio, thats very helpful. Im gonna start walking into halfway houses full of crack heads like have you guys done Zumba? (audience laughing) Its so much better than crack. (audience laughing) Theyre like, thanks, we didnt know. That was helpful. Of course you want to get fucked up. Have you tried living? (audience laughing) Im happy and I want to get fucked up. Have you watched the news? It makes you want to drink. Another mass shooting after another mass shooting. Its always the same thing, too. Its always some guy whos like I heard voices in my head. We all do. (audience laughing) Everyone hears voices in their head. Good people just dont listen to them. If I listened to all the voices in my head, I would be a sometimes-gay street fighter, so… (audience laughing) I know. It sounds like a confusing video game. Its not, you know? Why is E. Honda butt-fucking me? Wow. Thats his finisher. (audience laughing) Every mass shooter, it was a very quiet man. That should be part of the background check for guns, right? You want this gun, you better be chatty. (audience laughing) Do my podcast. Well see if youre an extrovert. I dont trust it. (audience laughing) Its a sad time to live in. Theres school shootings now. Its horrible, cause now getting held back is a real threat. (audience groaning) Do you want to go to summer school? Please, Ive already done two tours of freshman year. I dont want to… Some of these jokes, the content youre not gonna like, but structurally, theyre gonna be really solid. So, that helps. It does help with it. Look, these shootings are so senseless and horrible that sometimes these anchors try to make sense of them on the news and they try to sound profound. It just comes out wrong. I was watching this guy after a shooting, and he said now would be a good time to be around people. I was like, yeah, that sounds a lot like where the tragedy happened, so Imma stay at home alone. (audience laughing) And if I die, its gonna be from autoerotic asphyxiation, okay? On my terms. (audience laughing) Thats a better way to… Thats how I want to go. Peacefully in my own hotel closet. (audience laughing) Thats a weird fetish, right? Autoerotic asphyxiation. You gotta choke yourself to come? I dont know. How do you even find out youre into that? Are you just jerking off in a turtleneck, and youre like, hmm… (audience laughing) I like where this is going. A little more presh… (audience laughing) I was just in California. They have a 10-day wait for the guns. Thats a good rule. A gun should never be an impulse buy. You should never be returning a gun like we made up, so… (audience laughing) You know whats weird? They always bring up the founding fathers. Every gun debate, they bring up the founding fathers, right? They always say, The founding fathers had guns. They did. They also had wigs. (audience laughing) It was a long time ago. Thats how long ago it was. They thought a powdered wig was a good look, so… Thats my stance on guns. You could have a gun, but I think you should have to wear the wig. (audience laughing) Right? ‘Cause at least then, I can tell whos dangerous from afar. If Im trying to get into my apartment at two a.m. and I turn around and see a Ben Franklin-looking motherfucker, I just hope thats not an intelligent woman, honestly. (audience laughing) Yeah. If you got to go in the hood, its gonna look like the cast of Hamilton, but… (audience laughing) They always bring up the founding fathers. They never mention the fact these people had a life expectancy of the mid-30s, so it probably wasnt a big deal when they got shot. I would assume most funerals were like, look, he had three to five years left, tops, so. Thats like getting shot now in your 80s, which would almost be kind of cool. (audience laughing) How would you rather die? Connected to tubes for three months? Would you rather go out like a G? (audience laughing) I wanna die in my 80s in a gang-related incident. (audience laughing) I want my obituary to say, Comedian Sam Morril was shot dead today at the age of 87. (audience laughing) His last words: Thug life… (audience laughing) as he emptied the clip. Theres so much to be scared of, too, isnt there? Incels, there are new words you have to learn. Incels. The involuntary celibate. So, they dont get laid, so they become terrorists, and they look a lot like me. Its very upsetting. (audience laughing) Thats a certain type of person, cause I have married friends that dont get laid. They havent made the jump to ISIS, but maybe they should. ISIS lacks that type of diversity. They dont have enough divorced men. (audience laughing) Just a bunch of dudes, Death to the infidels, and one guy like, Also Karen. I mean, we gotta kill Karen, too, right? You ever read the botched terrorist missions? Those are my favorites, the ones who couldnt cut it? There were these guys around 9-11. They were getting too drunk at strip clubs in Florida. I love the fact that you can come to this country hating us, and then you go to a few strip clubs, and youre like, theyre not that bad. (audience laughing) It turned out to be a false report, though, because they said they were going to strip clubs and dive bars and even college parties. I was like, oh, man, thats such a bummer, because thats where you want to meet a terrorist, at like a mixer. (audience laughing) Theyre like, we used to be Al-Qaeda. Now were Sigma Chi, so… (audience laughing) The objective is still virgins, but, you know… (audience laughing) I think about it all the time. I think about all these scary ways you could die traveling. I read this story about a depressed pilot who nose-dove a plane and killed all these people on-board, so, you know, thats gotta be a bummer. You know what the first thing I say when I get on flights now is I say, what a lovely day it is to be alive, and I just hope that positive energy trickles it way into the cockpit, and theyre like, yeah, it is good. ‘Cause Ill be on flights sometimes, and the pilot comes on. Hes cheesy and people roll their eyes, but thats what you want. (audience laughing) That guys still trying. (audience laughing) What do you want, a down-in-the-dumps captain? Hey, this is your pilot. Its gonna be a bumpy ride, but you know, thats life. Its hard, so… (audience laughing) Says its gonna be a six-hour trip. Were gonna land way sooner than that, so… Buckle up or dont. I doesnt matter. Im gonna murder you. (audience laughing) Thanks for flying Spirit. (audience laughing) Depression, man, the depression is real. It really is. Someone sent me a very helpful article on depression recently. It said these are the foods you gotta eat if youre depressed, which, thank God. If youre at that point, just end it. Honestly, has that ever turned it around for anyone? I was gonna jump off a roof, but then I ate some dried mangoes, and Im feeling good. They find your corpse on the sidewalk. I dont understand. He ate so many cashews. Why would he… (audience laughing) Im not built for air travel. Im six-three, Im lanky. Im kind of weak, you know. I got a middle seat on my way back from L.A. recently. I get up to use the bathroom. I come back. The guy in the aisle is sleeping, which is very annoying, cause you knew I was coming back. (audience laughing) Theres no skydiving option on-board, okay? I had to return. And now I have to make a decision. Do I wake him up and piss him off? Or do I mount? (audience laughing) I think Im more flexible than I am so I elected to mount. (audience laughing) And I have just horrible lateral balance. I did not stick the landing. My leg comes down on his leg. Im on top of the guy. As Im on top, I see his little sleeping mask come up. (audience laughing) What do you do, you know? I kissed him on the mouth. Thats what I did, you know. There was nothing sexual about it. It was a Godfather II Fredo kiss. I said, I knew it was you. (audience laughing) Mostly cause you were sitting here before, but… No, Im not built for this travel-type lifestyle. Its not working for me. I had to see a sports medicine doctor about my back and he gave me muscle relaxers. I said, Hey, can I drink on these? And he said, Absolutely. (audience laughing) I was like, Are you sure? and he said, I do, and I was like that wasnt the question. (audience laughing) I said, Are you sure its not gonna mess my liver up? He said, Itll it up real bad. Itll be all right. Hes not my doctor anymore, but we do hang out. Hes cool. (audience laughing) This guy texts me all the time. He texted me the other day, Yo, what the fuck is up? And I was like what medical school did you go to? (audience laughing) Im gonna guess the Cayman Islands, you know. He tells me to swim at the rec center because of my back. I love it. I love the rec center. I dont know if you ever been there. As a Jew, its fantastic. Its just old Jews and Japanese men. If you had it bad during World War II, this is your spot, okay? Fantastic. Every time I go swimming, there is a morbidly obese woman on a noodle. Shes just floating horizontally across the lap lanes, and we just swim around her like shes not there. (audience laughing) Part of the rec center code. And I can tell when theres a new guy cause he looks confused, and I say, Thats Cathy. (audience laughing) I go right, you go left. Weve developed a system. Then on the wall, it says Rule Number One, no swimming with diarrhea, which Im like, all right. (audience laughing) I agree. I kinda wish it werent Rule Number One. (audience laughing) I dont know who that rule is for the most, the most motivated human whos ever lived? (audience laughing) Some guy at home like, ugh. Im still going, but… (audience laughing) Rule Number Two: Must wait two weeks after having diarrhea to swim in the pool, and I was like, all right, right out of the gate, mostly diarrhea-related rules, you know? Clearly, theres an incident that were dancing around here. You know you didnt pick a first-rate exercise facility when all the rules are like could you not shit on our stuff? Its been a problem. (audience laughing) I love this place. Everything about its off. I went to the bathroom. I knock on the door, and the guy in the bathroom yells out, Who is it? (audience laughing) Thats not what youre supposed to say. (audience laughing) Youre supposed to say, Im in here. Youre not supposed to be expecting company (audience laughing) in the mens rec room bathroom. (audience laughing) But I figured Id give it a shot, so I said, Its Sam, and he goes, No. (audience laughing) That was the right answer. (audience laughing) Youre gonna hate this next joke, but Imma do it anyway. (audience laughing) This is how bad my back was. I read a headline in the paper that said graveyard worker had sex with over 100 dead bodies, and my first thought was that is a lot of digging. You know? (audience laughing) I know thats a horrible person, but thats also an unattainable fitness goal for me, and I would kill for that core strength. (audience laughing) How much true crime is there gonna be? Are you guys watching this like me? Its so addictive, yeah. Give it up for all these murderers for all this great content. You keep killing, well keep watching, thats what I say. I dont want to point fingers here, but you women are getting murdered at an alarming rate. I dont know if youre paying attention. I would recommend never going home with us ever. If a woman goes home with you, she really trusts you, or shes taking a chance, you know? So whenever I open the door, I always turn to her and I say, hey, thanks for rolling the dice, you know? I appreciate it. Thats all I watch is murder and standup. Ive been doing this for a while. I see comics sometimes on Netflix. Im like, this guy fucking stinks. I wonder if murderers watch true crime like, this is pretty disappointing. (audience laughing) Three murders in five years? I should be the one on television. (audience laughing) We all do it, but were getting desensitized. You ever just watch four straight episodes of Law & Order: SVU and it hits you, like, that was probably too much rape for a Sunday? I dont know. (audience laughing) Im not even paying attention. Im folding laundry and Im thinking, when did this become background noise in my life? I should not be consuming SVU like its smooth jazz, you know? The darkest plots youve ever seen, Im watching one, the moms pushing her baby in the stroller. She turns around for a sec then turns back around. The babys gone. Thats not even bad parenting. Thats incredibly efficient kidnapping, by the way. You got to give credit where credits due, cause she was crying, Im a horrible mother, and I was like, no, you ran into one of the greats. (audience laughing) That was like the Steph Curry of abduction. That was pretty flawless. See it on these dating sites, too. I read this article. It said that you gotta be careful on dating apps now because there are these gangs thatll post pictures of really hot women, and then you show up on the date and they just rob and beat the out of you. Thats gotta be a bummer, cause it already sucks when it doesnt look like the picture. Thats gotta suck extra. You show up for your date at two a.m. at the bridge, and… (audience laughing) eight dudes are walking toward you, and youre like, Kathleen? (audience laughing) I was in an Uber right after a breakup. You ever just overshare with the driver? He said, How are you? I said, Ah, I had this breakup. He said, Let me tell you some about breakups, and the second he said that, I thought I might have fucked up. (audience laughing) He said, You now what I did when my girlfriend left? and I said, What? Hes like, I fucked everyone. You think that helped? And I said, No, and he said, It did. (audience laughing) All right. He said, You know what else I did? I called her up, I told her all about it. You think that helped? and I said, God, no, and he said, It did. (audience laughing) And I said, Im gonna stop guessing because youre very unpredictable. (audience laughing) Went on for 20 more minutes. I finally got out of the car. I was like, Do you think that was helpful for me at all? and he said, Probably not, and I said, It was. (audience laughing) One of the hard things about dating now is a lot of younger people are meaner. Theyre very mean. Thats how they flirt. I think its called negging. I was talking to a girl after a show and my poster was up, and she goes, Wow, you look really ugly in that picture. I said, Oh, thats not very nice, and she goes, Youre a comedian. I said, Yeah, Im also a human being, so. (audience laughing) I enjoy pleasant conversation as well. And I was wearing a striped sweater, so she goes, Nice sweater, did you wear it on purpose or did you escape a pris-on? She said, pris-on. (audience laughing) Which kind of bugged me. I was like, I feel like you dont know a lot about pris-on. (audience laughing) I said, Id like to escape this conversation. She said, Thats all you got? And I said, I have to be meaner to you to communicate? She said, Hit me with your best shot, Mr. Comedian. I said, Rather not. She said, Come on. I said, All right, youre very pretty and Im very lonely, and I would still rather masturbate than pursue this. (audience laughing) So, yeah. So, were back and my place, and you know, yeah. It works, negging works, Ill tell you. It really does. I was making out with her and it hit me, I dont even like this person. Im thinking, what am I doing? Im making out with her, and I said, Maybe we should stop. And she goes, What, youre rejecting me? And I said, I dont think this is a good idea, and she said, Im really turned on now that youre saying no to me, and I said, You seem like a pretty unhealthy person. (audience laughing) She said, No ones ever rejected me. This is the most turned on Ive ever been. I said, Well then, youre gonna be super hot for this Uber I just called you, okay? Hopefully get the guy I got. He loves to fuck. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) I went on a date with a girl. She told me her last boyfriend was 60, which I thought was kind of shocking. I said, Thats a pretty big age gap. She said, Let me tell you something. Theres no difference between a 30-year-old dickand a 60-year-old dick, and I said, I havent done the research, but I feel like there is. Im gonna go with temperament. I think thats the difference. A young is like an intern, up at the crack of dawn, over-eager, down for whatever. An old dick is like a CEO. Hes like, this better be important, okay? (audience laughing) I dont have a lot of time. So, were on the date, were making out in the bar. She starts going underneath my pants, just looks me dead in the eye and goes, Why arent you erect? I was like, Erect, what are you, a transformer? Who talks like that? Ill tell you why, cause were kissing and Im not 14. Have you seen the shit thats out there? (audience laughing) You want to get me hard, tell me youre a dental assistant and your husbands coming home in five minutes. Then well talk, you know? (audience laughing) I watch too much porn, so, I do. Im aware of it. You notice it while youre having sex sometimes. Like, if were having sex and it was good, and while were doing it, I just said, I will eat your butt, and she said, You dont have to do that, and I was like, Thank you. (audience groaning) I overextended myself. Thanks for catching that one and reeling us back in. This porn is just not good. Its all these dark topics. I saw a taboo link on a porn site, so I clicked on it, and it was incest porn. I was like, all right, you called my bluff. That is taboo. Then the next one was interracial, and I was like, they should divide these up a little better. I dont know. What kind of racist porn site… Every porn category is just shit you should never do, right? Like fuck your best friends mom. Thats rude. (audience laughing) Blackmail your boss; its a place of business. Its criminal, you know? We need some positive porn categories to rewire us. We need categories like couple thats been together for a while, fucks after autism benefit. Youd be like, all right, well… (audience laughing) Im not glad I jerked off at two p.m., but they raised a lot of money for those kids, you know? Instead of the money shot, its just a link that says donate now. (audience laughing) This side of the room is really fuckin into that joke, huh? (audience laughing) And this side of the room is Christian. (audience laughing) They were raised well. I dont know, man, Im happy Im doing this is New York, you know, cause Ive been on the road a lot. (audience cheering) No, Im not… Im not (coughing) pander, so… (audience laughing) No, Im useless on the road. I cant drive. I can drive, but if you were in a car with me, youd be like pull over, Imma drive. This is not good. Im bad and reckless. Thats a bad combo. You ever get cut off by a reckless driver, then you catch up with em, you gotta see what they look like? It doesnt matter what race or gender. Every time I see what they look like, Im always like, I fucking knew it. (audience laughing) Could just be a white guy, Im like, Classic. This is a classic white motherfucker. Takes what he wants, contributes nothing to society. Im only gonna do the example for white people, but, you know. (audience cheering) Dont want you to get uneasy. I heard a guy yell at a cab driver the other day. He said, Learn the language. Thats messed up, right? And guess what? Its sometimes nice when they dont know the language, right? You ever call a car to the airport at five a.m. and you get a little Korean guy? Like, oh, this might be a nice quiet ride. (audience laughing) Then you get on the highway and hes like, Weathers weird, and youre like, fuuuck. (audience laughing) This jackoff learned the language. (audience laughing) Im a Yellow Cab man. I dont like Lyft or Uber. Its not my thing. You know why? ‘Cause you rate them, they rate you. Youre both on your best behavior. It feels like a first date. (audience laughing) Even they way they pick you up feels like a blind date, right? Theyre like, Are you Sam? and Im like, Yes. (audience laughing) I like a Yellow Cab. It feels like a marriage. Neither of you are trying at all. (audience laughing) The second you get in, hes mid-conversation on speakerphone. (audience laughing) Im in the backseat eating Caribbean street food. (audience laughing) Were both hammered, you know? (audience laughing) No ones putting on airs. You ask him, Hey, can you drop me right in the front of my apartment? Hes like, Nah. I respect that. (audience laughing) Good for you, holding your ground there. I did nothing all day, man. I did nothing. I watched the news. I saw an anti-smoking ad. Its weird that they can do anti-smoking ads, but you cant do pro-cigarette commercials. Isnt that weird? They dont give em a rebuttal. (audience laughing) And Im not like a big cigarette guy, but I like one when Im drunk sometimes. Its nice. I thought of a good pro-cigarette commercial. How bout this for like a casual smoker? A hot girl walks up to a guy in the bar and asks to bum a cigarette, and he goes, oh, I dont smoke. So then she goes outside and bums them from another guy, and they go home together and they fuck and thats the whole commercial. (audience laughing) There at the end, it just says, Wouldnt kill you to carry a pack, you know? (audience laughing) Marlboro: Just in Case. All right, I got some momentum. Lets break out the abortion jokes. (audience laughing) If there was ever a time. My friend just had one, and her boyfriend didnt contribute to the cost, which I thought was not cool, you know? Shes going through it, yeah. Thats not a very noble stance, I dont think. That is how low the bar is. Im like, guy should pay a little bit for the abortion, and women are like, hes a hero. He really is. No, even the most pro-life person I talk to was like, wow, chivalry is dead. That was the babys name, Chivalry. (audience groans) Im just saying. That ones not for everybody, that joke. I did that joke the other night and somebody yelled out boo. I thought it was the babys ghost, but, you know. (audience laughing) Im just saying there are still gentlemen. If I knock you up and you need an abortion, its on the house. (audience laughing) Ill throw my Delta SkyMiles card right on the counter. Are you sure, Sam? I got this. With all the rewards and benefits that Delta has to offer, (audience laughing) Id be a fool to do otherwise. (audience laughing) Im two to three abortions away from Diamond Medallion status, so… (audience laughing) Im losing some of you, but Im gonna take it a step further here. (audience laughing) I think you should get extra SkyMiles points with an abortion, because thats one less crying baby onboard, you know? (audience laughing) That, yeah, I dont… (audience applauding) Me personally, I dont like doing that part of the joke, but I have a sponsorship deal with Delta, and you know, they get very upset when I leave it out. They dock me Biscoff cookies. Love those cookies. I was talking to a guy after a show. He told me there was gonna be an anti-abortion parade, which I think he meant to say march, you know? (audience laughing) I dont think theres gonna be a parade, but if there is, Ill be there. I want to see what the floats look like. (audience laughing) That one looks unfinished. Thats what were going for, so, yeah. (audience laughing) Back-to-back abortion jokes. I got greedy, guys, I did. I got a little greedy. (audience applauding) Im a pretty liberal guy, but some of my friends now are so liberal that everything turns into slavery or the Holocaust in every conversation, you know what Im talking about? I was talking to my friend the other day, and he goes, Trump is Hitler. I said, All right, look, we dont know how hilarious Hitler would have been on social media. Thats not fair. Hitler might have had a strong Twitter presence. Trapped in bunker, sad. (audience laughing) Adolfs trending. I came across the article the other day on the internet. Just said fun facts about Hitler, which I think is a great title. (audience laughing) Ive always said there arent enough upbeat pieces on the Fuhrer. (audience laughing) Fun fact about Hitler, didnt pay income tax, was very bad at managing his money, and I thought, man, its too bad there wasnt a group of people that could have helped, you know? (audience laughing) Jews. So… You know where that joke did not hit? Naples, Florida, okay? (audience laughing) Terrible people. My least favorite city. Ill never go back. I bombed four straight nights. I got into an argument with an 80-something-year-old man. I had a breakdown on the last show. I finally just said I gotta get out of Naples. He goes, Well, youre still here. I said, Well, Ill be out in the morning. Youll be in a casket soon. (audience laughing) And he said, Youll have to put me there, and I said, Thats not how time works. (audience laughing) And it kept escalating back and forth. Finally, I hear a voice in the crowd yell out, Grandpa, enough. (audience laughing) Thats Naples to me. My dad called me to check in. He said, How are you? I said, Im in fucking Naples, and my dad goes, Italy? and I was like, Oh, no. (audience laughing) These jokes are not taking me abroad, Pops. (audience laughing) Im in Florida, the bad part. True story. Im on stage there. As the start to a bit, I go, So, Im a New York Jew, and someone in the crowd goes, Ugh, no. (audience laughing) Not a yes or no question. (audience laughing) Its my heritage. Also, ugh, thats our sound. Thats cultural appropriation, okay? (audience laughing) Not all gigs are this fun, man. I think my mom worries about my career choice sometimes. Some nights itll be a bad gig. I do casinos sometimes. Theyre the worst gigs ever. You know, they pay pretty well, but theyre soul-crushing. Youre just watching people stand up one by one and exit throughout the show, some by scooter, its very jarring, but… (audience laughing) And the casinos not even mad because they want these people pissing away their money on the gambling floor, you know? So, I go to apologize to management. Theyre like, no, youre doing a great job. (audience laughing) You should bust out the abortion jokes earlier tomorrow night cause those went horribly. But I think she worries. My mom worries a lot. I was with her the other day on the street. We saw a dead bird, and I said, Ew, dead pigeon. My mom goes, Dont touch it. (audience laughing) I was like, what do you think happens when youre not around? (audience laughing) You think Im just walking around, let me grab this shit right here, hell yeah. Lunch meat. (audience laughing) I dont blame my mom for worrying, you know? I still get in trouble. I got assaulted in Burlington, Vermont earlier this year, which is not where you think its gonna happen. A lot of open-toed sandals, everyones high. I thought it was safe, honestly, but they seem like nice people. Bernie even seems like a nice guy. I like Bernie Sanders. You know why? Because he debates the way Ive argued with every woman in every relationship. I know I dont have a chance. I just want to get my ideas out there, you know? (audience laughing) So, Im in Vermont, and Im out after the show. Im having a couple beers with some comics. Were at a bar two blocks from the venue. Some guy walks up to me. I can tell somethings off about him, and he just looks at me and he goes, University of Vermont? And I said, No. And he goes, Masters degree? And I said, Youre getting colder. (audience laughing) And he said, I want to beat the shit out of all of you. But hes only looking at me. (audience laughing) Yeah, and I looked him up and down, and was like, ah, hes bluffing. So, I turn around. As I turn around, he grabs me by the shoulder, takes a pint glass, and smashes it over my head, and I thought, I poorly read that situation. (audience laughing) He was not bluffing. So, he runs out. They call the cops, and the first thing I say after he hangs up with the cops is I yell to the bar, You all heard him call me Jew-boy before he did it. (audience laughing) And they said, I didnt hear that. And I said, I did. And a Jussie Smollett tale was born. So, they put him in the backseat. The cops get him very quickly. He wasnt getting far on foot. Hes in the backseat of the car. The cops are examining to see how bad my injury is. Theyre taking glass out of my hair, and the cop asks, Did he smash a pint glass on your head? and I said, It could have been a pint glass, it could have been a menorah. It happened very quickly, okay? (audience laughing) And the cop asked, Do you see spinning? I said, Like a dreidel, its pretty rough, you know? Then finally I had to admit it wasnt a hate crime and they took the guy away, and the bar manager turned to me. He said, Just so you know, this never happens here. And I was like, yeah, I figured. Thatd be pretty weird if you were like, That was Scott, so, Scott does that. (audience laughing) Unfortunately had a bad string of luck on the road. Some of its my fault. About eight years ago, I was drinking too much. I was a young comic on the road. I was in Seattle. I was hitting on a girl after the show. Every 30 seconds, her friend would lean in and go, Not interested. Every 30 seconds, She could do a bit better than you. It would get progressively meaner. At one point, she goes, Youre very unattractive. And I was a drunk kid. I just said, Get some more Botox, you lizard. Im deeply ashamed of myself for saying that, and its completely inappropriate, although if you were there, you would have been like, he nailed it, totally. (audience laughing) But she seemed furious. I couldnt tell by her face, but she seemed very upset. (audience laughing) Me and my friend were laughing. As we were laughing, I get popped in the face by her boyfriend. I deserved it. She was a lizard, but she was his lizard, and I thought it was cool that they stuck together, you know? But this was foreshadowing. A month later, Im in Cleveland, horrible time to be in Cleveland. It was when LeBron left the first time. Okay, yeah, exactly. I dont know if you guys remember, but they did not take it well, and they made the mistake of having their whole economic plan at the time be LeBron and thats it. So, it was rough, and I love Cleveland. Ive always had good times there. I like the people. It felt like the whole city got dumped because it was Valentines Day, too. It was just a weird vibe. And I met this hot older woman after the show, and we hit it off, but shes there with a guy friend, whos just a friend, but its Valentines Day. Theres that weird energy in the air. Hes kind of going for her. Im going for her. And hes buying me drinks to keep an eye on me, and Im accepting the drinks because I lack character, so. (audience laughing) He gets up to go to the bathroom, and I asked her, Do you want to get out of here? And she said, Yeah, lets ditch him. This is how stupid I am. I take her to the bar next door. Thats my getaway plan. (audience laughing) I was like, seven feet to the left, we got this. So, were doing shots. Were making out. Its a very romantic night. (audience laughing) Im glad some people laughed at that. I can tell Im in a shitty city when that doesnt get laughs at all. When people are like, thats a very romantic night out. Dry humping and Jaeger shots, thats how we did our 40th anniversary. So I finally said, Hey, do you want to leave? And she said, I want to go back to your hotel, and I said, All right, then. So, we go outside. The dude is standing right there, and I was like, oh, no. He goes, Oh, there you guys are. Where the fuck do you think youre going? I said, Ah, were gonna go back to my hotel. And he goes, Oh, yeah? Youre just gonna her and then fly back to New York? And I said, Honestly, yes, that was the game plan. (audience laughing) I was gonna pitch it quite differently. I was gonna say something romantic like, Shall we make love before my expedition? or something. I was gonna liven it up a little. He gets close to me, goes, You want to fuck her, you gotta fight me first. And thats the first time I noticed he was missing teeth, and I was like, oh, no. Hes been down this road before. And Im not gonna fight him, because Ive never had sex with anyone and been like that was better than teeth. (audience laughing) Never. After every one-night-stand, Im like, man, its cool I can still eat apples after this. This is great, you know? I run down to the hotel lobby. I grab me a Macintosh. I go about my day. So I said, Hey, Im not gonna fight you, and he said, Thats what I thought pussy. Come here, babe. Doesnt say a word to me. Just calls her over, she goes with him. They clearly have a weird arrangement of some sort. They start walking away. As they walk away, theres a guy behind me in a white sweatshirt, matching white sweatpants, very underdressed for Cleveland in February, okay? Hes not quite sitting; hes not quite standing. Hes almost perched, and as they walk away, he loudly says, I wasnt gonna let anything happen to you. (audience laughing) Uh, who are you? (audience laughing) He walks over and he goes, I police this part of town. I said, Youre a policeman? Hes not. This man is obviously not with law enforcement of any kind. So, I asked, You work for the bar? He said, No, and I said, Are you a vigilante of some sort? (audience laughing) And he said, Yeah. (audience laughing) And hes in white, so I said, Whats your superhero name? The Snowflake? And he said, I go by The White Knight. (audience laughing) And Im just drunk enough to be like, Hell yeah. (audience laughing) Thats all it took. Im like, this guys legit. Hes got a name. So, we start chatting. Im kind of baffled. I ask him, You just wait outside and break up fights? And he said, I protect Downtown Cleveland. I said, Havent you been hurt? He said, Ive been stabbed twice. (audience laughing) I was like, Dude, why do you do this? He said, Because I fucking love Cleveland, thats why. And its kind of touching, honestly. Hes crazy, but hes loyal. They lost LeBron; they got this guy. Its a horrible trade, dont get me wrong. (audience laughing) But this is what loyalty looks like. Its not always pretty, you know? So we start taking a walk. Im taking a little stroll with The White Knight, and we pass the comedy club and my posters in the door. He said, Youre a comedian? I said, Yeah. He said, I could never do what you do. And I said, I could never do what you do, either. Its illegal and strange and quite alarming, to be frank. Theres a real mutual admiration going on, you could say. And we start chatting for a while about life and love. At one point, he asked me, Why dont you have a girlfriend on Valentines Day? and I said, Probably my life choices and my career, and he said, Me, too. (audience laughing) And I said, Were not so different, you and I, White Knight. So, he walks me back to the hotel, and he said hes coming to my show tomorrow night, and I said, Great, so, Ill see you then, and we exchange information as you do with vigilantes, and… (audience laughing) I wake up the next morning, head pounding, and thinking did that even happen? But of course it did. You dont daydream The White Knight. (audience laughing) First email I see just says subject heading White Knight, and I think its him. I dont know that many White Knights. It said, Sam, it was such a pleasure to meet you last night. Unfortunately, something came up, and Im unable to attend your show this evening. Sincerely, your new friend and fan, The White Knight. In parentheses, Joshua. That made me very happy. (audience laughing) Jews are very underrepresented as superheroes, you know? Hes our Black Panther, so… (audience cheering) I email back, it bounces back. I email him again, it bounce back, to the point that Im like, this guy created a fake email account to contact me and then just disappear. Its like in Batman when hes talking to Commissioner Gordon and he turns away for a second and turns back and Batmans gone, but you see the wind moving. He did that to me via email. (audience laughing) It was always in the back of my head. Years go by. I never hear from him, but I always thought about it, because Ive had weird drunk nights, but this ones particularly strange. So, it must have been six years later, I get an email out of the blue. Different email address, but it still says subject heading White Knight, and I thought, its probably him. (audience laughing) I dont have a large White Knight Rolodex, so… All it said was, Saw you on Conan. Funny shit. White Knight. And I wrote back, Hell yeah, dude. Youre still out there White Knighting, Im still doing comedy. Were both still in the game. And he wrote back, Oh, no, Im no longer engage in White Knighting. (audience laughing) I now have a wife and a little boy and we reside in the suburbs of Cleveland. And I was like, this traitorous motherfucker. (audience laughing) Then he wrote, How are you? And I said, Im in Naples. (audience laughing) And he wrote back, Italy? and I was like, Yeah. (audience laughing) Thank you so much for coming out, guys. Youve been amazing. (audience cheering) I appreciate our night. All right.

MICHAEL MCINTYRE@SHOWMAN@2020@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Michael McIntyre! Bravo! Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! Welcome… …to my Netflix special! Lets do this! Thank you! If Im honest with you, I wanted to be in slightly better… physical condition for… f-for the special. I planned on it, but, you know, its not really happened. I wouldnt have mentioned it, its just that this suit was cut bespokely for my body about a year ago, and its not a body I have anymore, unfortunately. Its got a little clingy, a bit tuggy. Ive found I have to express myself, gesticulate, below this line. Youll see mostly Ill need to express myself down here tonight, because, when I raise my arms beyond that, this has started. Jacket boobs, ladies and gentlemen. An incredibly unfortunate side effect of the tight jacket. Ive got a bit chubby cheek, chubby cheek. Ive got the old chubby cheeks going on at the moment. Um… Unfortunately, due to the chubby cheek situation, um, a few problems. I got a phone, um, I dont know when it was, about a year ago. The new iPhone. Its got Face ID. When you first get it, you look at it, it maps your face, and then it remembers you. Every time you look at it, it becomes unlocked. Not from a code, just from your face. Well, now my phone no longer recognizes… my fat face. Just stares at me as if to say, Whos that fat thief? Have you stolen Michaels phone? I can unlock it, but I have to do this. Mmm. Mmm. Its cause Im getting older, you see. My wife and I, were the same age. Little things have started changing. For years, everything was the same, but now we can feel it creeping in. Its not exactly old age, but little… little differences. For example, we cant stay up at night. We… We pass out. Every single– About 9:30 is a late one for us. We get so tired. You know when you click on the Netflix thing and it goes boom-boom? Thats the sound of my wife and Is head hitting the pillow and passing out. We cant get beyond it. Another thing thats started happening now… which, I have to say, Im not proud of this. Im actually very disappointed that this has happened so young in my life. Its not happening every night. But I have started, occasionally, waking up in the middle of the night needing a pee… …which is a very depressing development. Theres an elder gentleman who applauded that. What a… What a funny moment. Im there with you, my friend. My bladder used to be fine. Like many young bladders in this room, Id go to sleep at night. Id be like, Night, blad. My bladder would be like, Night, Mikey. Sleep well. I will. Id wake up in the morning, my bladders like, Look, we are full down here, but no cause for alarm. Next time youre passing the loo, I will need emptying. But chill out, relax, no rush on this. Have some breakfast, have some juices. Have some smoothies. Tea, coffee, whatever you want. Cereal, more milk, dont mind if you do. Ive got this… till at least noon. Well, not anymore. Now, when Im deep asleep in the middle of the night, my bladder sends messages to my brain to give me dreams that Im pissing myself. This is how it wakes me up. Im having a normal anxiety dream. Im back at school. Im in an exam I havent revised for. Im just having a weird dream, and then I look down… Oh, and Ive peed my pants as well. I wake up in a panic! Have I pissed my pants? I look down, my bladders like, Nearly! Weve got to go now! Up! Now! And you lie there, But I dont want to get up. Its three oclock in the morning, I dont want to. And you fight it, but your bladders insistent. Im afraid you have to wake up, its a very dangerous situation down here. I dont think I can handle it. So that involves getting out of the bed and going around the bed, out of the door, into the bathroom, which is over there, right? Round the bed because my wife is there, shes closest to the door. Thats her side. This is my side, thats her side. Its been that way for 20 years. It will never, ever change. We all have our sides. Have you ever gone on to your partners side? Its the weirdest sensation! Its the same room, but it looks really weird from here! I dont like it! So Ive got to go round the bed, and I cant wake her up. I cannot wake my wife. If my wife is awoken in the night, she wont get back to sleep, shell blame me, shell be up. Whyd you have to wake me up? Why do you make so much noise? So I have to make sure she stays asleep. And also, if she wakes up in the night, she will inevitably go on her phone, which means she will inevitably buy shoes. She buys so many shoes on her phone on online shopping. She– She buys shoes when shes in the bath, she buys shoes at traffic lights, she bought a pair of shoes on the way up a roller coaster. Shes addicted. Its costing a fortune. Little bit of an insight into how bad it is. The other night, I was lying in bed on my laptop. Shes next to me on her mobile phone. The children are both in the room as well, theyre both on iPads, and the television is on in front of us. Its a wonderful, modern family scene. Its not like we dont chat as a family. Sometimes theres a WhatsApp ping and we discuss whose phone it was. Ping! Was that you? I think it was me. I think your phone just went. Thank you, right you are. And then we get back to our devices. I was on internet banking at the time. I could see money coming out of the account in real time. Every time I refreshed it, we had less money in the bank! You are doing this right now, darling? But these shoes are so beautiful, darling! I just had to! I just had to! If it upsets you, stop refreshing. Please, leave us something for the morning! So I cant wake her up, cant wake her up. Its gonna cost a fortune. So Ive got to creep round, get to the loo. That is easier said than done, on account of the floorboards. I never realized we had creaky floorboards until I started creeping around on them in the middle of the night. Ive never noticed the floorboards make a noise in the daytime. As soon as my foot… steps out of the bed in the dead of night… I can see my wife stirring in her sleep. Her arm is subconsciously reaching for her mobile. No! I try and find a non-creaky… Fuck! After a while, I just leg it. Everything makes a noise in the night. Everything. I didnt even know… we had an extractor fan until I started peeing in the night. Ill go into the loo, you turn the lights on… What are we extracting? I havent started yet. Its the loudest thing in the world! Its gonna wake my wife up! And theres not two switches. Theres not a switch… Theres not a switch for light and a switch for… extraction. Theyre on the same circuit. So if you want the light on, you have to go… which will definitely wake my wife up. So it means peeing… in the darkness. Because its all about sound, you have to be very sensitive to noise, cause youre waiting for the splash. But you cant pee into the water, thats too noisy. That will wake my wife up. So you wait for the water, and then immediately retreat… …to find the sweet spot of the bowl surrounding the water. Yes! This acknowledgment of night peeing! Darkness urination. And sometimes youre peeing and you hear a different sound, you know, like, Ooh, I think thats the floor. Im peeing on the floor. Ive overcompensated. Then you put the light on. Yep, Ive pissed on the floor. Then you have to get the loo roll out, you throw that down. You create a sort of foot mop situation, as you remove your own pee from the bathroom floor. Hows your life going, Michael? Well, Im just foot-mopping piss at 3:20 a.m. Other than that, really, really happy. Then its back to bed. Soon as I get into the bedroom, I can see my wifes face glowing. The phone. Like a horror movie. You can see shoes in her eyeballs. Do you have to make so much fucking noise, Michael? Ive bought three pairs of shoes there. Damn! That piss cost me 600 quid! Plus VAT! Im thinking about getting a catheter just to save money. Ive… Ive actually started… And this is good advice for you. Ive started having a Berocca before bed, then I get glow-in-the-dark pee and I can see exactly the situation. But I know where… Im starting to actually learn where the creaks are. I actually… I get out of bed, and I know where to avoid. Im getting quite good at it. I think as I get older, Ill get more and more brilliant at it. By the time Im 80, Ill be like Ninja Warrior. A sort of stealth-pissing pensioner in the middle of the night. Barely any piss will come out at that age. Before realizing Ive accidentally peed in the spare room cupboard, but this is all to come, ladies and gentlemen! But the good news is, the only positive to come out of getting up in the night to pee is it does give me the opportunity, while my wife is asleep, to readjust the temperature in the bedroom, because she likes sleeping in Arctic conditions. She sleeps with the window open, and she calls it room temperature. Im like, Darling, thats not room temperature if the window is open. Thats garden temperature. We might as well sleep in a tent outside. Its freezing! Can we close the window, put the heating on? No, we cant have the heating on in the bedroom. You know well get sore throats. Well, my throat is quite sore with the icicles forming in it! But I dont mind, she can have what she likes, its fine. We… We live together. If she wants it freezing, Ill put another blanket on. Itll be fine. My issue with it is her relationship with temperature makes no sense at all. Why does she want the bedroom so absolutely freezing, but her bath is the hottest thing known to man? Theres lava, and then theres my wifes bath. When shes in the bath, steam fills the house. People are driving down our road with fog lights on going, Whats happened in that building? And often she calls out from the bath, through the steam, Michael, would you like this bath after me? What, to cook pasta in? No. Danger. ‘Cause weve all done that. Weve all got into a bath thats too hot. And its normally our own fault, we dont have time to wait. When we run the hot tap, and we run the cold, we dont have time to wait for the full, proper temperature to reveal itself. You just have a, Should be fine. You go away, busy life, and you come back, and you normally know as soon as your foot goes in. As soon it goes in, you normally go, Ooh! Ive… Ive run that a bit too hot. But often you dont realize it until youre in already. You get in, and you start lowering yourself, because it takes a while for the information that your feet are burning… …to reach your brain, where the information has to go to tell you about it. Because its really quite a long way for the information to travel. So you start lowering yourself and thinking, Something doesnt feel altogether right here. Then it just hits you. You have a split-second decision, Do I stay, or do I go? And many times you just go, I cant! Oh, my God, I cant! And you end up standing naked in your bathroom. You look down, youve got these sort of red skin socks of pain. Ow! Look what I did to myself! Then you have to empty the hot out to put the cold in, which involves sacrificing your arm to plunge to the plug. Plug plunging, very dangerous. You look at your arm as if to say, This will hurt, I do apologize. Brace yourself. Sometimes you cant get a purchase. Youre like, I could lose my arm! But the braver amongst us, theres many here tonight, and I count myself amongst you, will hover paddle. This is where you get into the bath, even though it hurts, and you hover over the surface. You get the cold on, and you start paddling like a maniac. We can change this! Its getting better all the time now! Be brave! Be brave! Then you inherently know, Its time to change direction now! Come on! Its getting better, its getting better! Come on! And then you have to test it. How is the water going? Is it ready to fully submerge? And you do this with your bottom, you select your bottom, and the task of your bottom is simply to dip in to see, is it ready? Hows it going? Is– Hows it going? This is where I forget, unfortunately, that I have balls. Its not so much that I forget. Its more the angle of dangle… …means that my balls are now the closest thing to the surface of the water, not my bottom after all. And it comes as a nasty surprise. Its the most sensitive part of the human body Its the last part of the human body, lets be honest, that you would volunteer… …to test boiling water with. No ones ever handed me a cup of tea and said, Michael… This might be a little bit on the hot side. Well, we shall soon find out, my friend. Right you are, little bit more milk. Just a splash. Just tested it with my hover-paddle hardened bollocks there, my friend. Thirsty work. Thirsty work here. This is, uh, bottled water. Theyve taken the label off it because of advertising. Because theyre worried that people watching Netflix might want to, uh, look like me. Can you imagine? What does he drink? Its, uh, Evian, of course. Uh… If you were wondering. Evian. Live young, Evian. Middle class people love bottled water, dont they? Its a colorless, odorless, tasteless liquid and it tastes the same no matter what brand you get. Its a miracle of branding and marketing that people prefer different ones. Oh, I like Voss. I like Fiji. I like Buxton. Im a Highland Spring guy. Its the same… same water. And they get very offended, you must have seen this in restaurants when the waiter comes over, Can I get you a drink? Uh, yes, can we just have water, please? Still water, were fine with still water. Sometimes the waiter goes, Tap? Its a horrible moment. Its like hes just said, Puddle? I could scoop some from the pavement? It rained earlier. And people are so offended. Uh, excuse me, how dare you? Are you trying to poison me and my children? Do you not have any respect? Do you think I cant afford bottled water? Well have Evian, please, or something. Theres a mountain on the bottle, we find it reassuring. We dont want your disgusting tap water. We dont know the condition of your taps and your tanks and your pipes. How revolting. Your rat-infested tanks? Water thats been drained and flushed for centuries? Youre trying to give that to me? How revolting. Ice? Yes, could you freeze the shit water and put it into the bottled water? Because we havent thought this through at all. Wed like a slow death, a slow release of poisoned rat water into the purity of Evian. So this is a culmination of, um, a tour Ive been doing for a while, on and off, all around the world. Its a big world tour, a big world tour. And I suppose its amazingly exciting to be home at the end of it because Ive been far flung, far flung places. Probably the furthest Ive been is the furthest anybodys been from here, which is New Zealand, New Zealand. New Zealand is, um… Yeah, New Zealands amazing, I love New Zealand. Um, but it takes 24 hours, as you know, to get there from here and thats a day of your life gone, just gone, its insane. And the jetlag is monumental. So I landed in Auckland, New Zealand. I thought, Ive got to get onto the time zone as quickly as possible. So I pulled out the bezel of my watch, and I said to the stewardess, Whats the time difference here? I just want to get onto the new time zone. Whats the time difference here? Its 12 hours ahead. The time difference in New Zealand, its 12 hours ahead. Were 12 hours ahead in New Zealand. So I started to wind my watch 12 hours. And I notice in my peripheral vision she was looking at me like I was an idiot. I thought, Whats her problem? She needs to jog on. I got to about eight hours in and I realized, Oh, right, Im going to land in exactly the same place that I started. So… So, rather than look a fool, I wound it back. Thank you, Ill be fine from here. Thank you for your help. They talk like that in New Zealand. On the front of their mouths like this. Its quite fast, its quite pacey. And basically, they change the vowels, they have a strange relationship with vowels. They get to a vowel and they just pick another and go with that one instead. Its a thing. ‘Cause Australias a little bit different, its much slower in Australia. They take their time. They love the vowels. When they see a vowel, theyre just like, Were gonna stay there. I see no reason… to rush this sentence, mate. Were gonna stay on the vowel. But New Zealand, its all about changing the vowel. I had a bit of an incident on account of this vowel changing situation, and Im going to be honest and upfront. It was quite rude. Um, but its funny. When I was checking into the hotel in Auckland, um, she wanted to tell me, the receptionist, about this new swimming pool that theyd built on the sixth floor. Six. The six floor. Um… And surrounding the pool was a deck. Uh, with an E. And it was known as The Deck, and in the lift it went, The Deck. I was checking in, she said, While youre staying here, are you gonna spend some time sitting on the Deck? That is an astonishing assumption to make of me. She said, Theres a lovely big deck on the sixth floor. Theres a lovely big dick on the sex floor? What kind of a place is this? She said, The deck is for hanging out. No, it isnt! Careful, it can get a bit slippery up there, its hardwood. Oh, please, behave! And I went to Australia while I was there. Obviously nipped over to Australia. Its beautiful. I love Australia, I love Australians. Really nice people. Weve got us some Australians over here. Welcome, I love em. I love em. Really… Really full on, really happy. They love that you come over, theyre just so grateful. Fucking hell, you came all the way! Just brilliant. And its like a holiday destination, its beautiful. The beaches are beautiful, the landscapes magnificent. The only problem, with all due respect, is the, um… the sharks have decided that thats where they should be. And the circle Australia, waiting for Australians to get into the water. And guess what? Australians keep getting into the water. I was– I went to the beach with some Australians. Theyre like, You gonna come for a swim, Mickey? Come and relax, cool off? Come for a swim, its lovely in the water today. No, I dont think so. Ill be– Ill be fine. Why not? Why not? Because there are sharks in there. Yeah. Not always. I think… the fact that theres ever been one is enough for me. Ah, come on, Mickey. Youve gotta live your life. Yes, until it ends. Maybe today, with a shark attack, you see? He said, Youve got more chance of being hit by a car. Not when Im fucking swimming, I dont. Ill be staying here on the beach. Ill be right here. Ill cool off another way. So while I was in Australia, I did see, unfortunately, a gentleman… This isnt… This isnt funny. But he was fine. He was fine. He was… There was a shark attack incident, but he was fine. Hed just got bitten on the arm. It wasnt great. Um… I shouldnt laugh. The point Im trying to make is that I passionately believe that this shark attack would not have happened if he hadnt have got into the water. Hes lying in his hospital bed being interviewed on the news. Theres a reporter on the end of his bed. Hes got his arm up in a thing, hes got his neck in a brace. Shes like, So, just if you can, if its all right, could you just talk us through, talk us through, sir, what… what happened? Hes like, Yeah, well, I was… I was just… I-I was just… I was just surfing in the ocean, and then this shark literally… came out of nowhere. Not exactly. The shark was in its natural habitat. Youre the one who literally came out of nowhere and offered yourself as a light snack. On a plate. Literally, on a long, thin platter. Get out of the water. Its not like hes being interviewed in his hospital bed and hes like, I was… I was on the fourth floor of my Melbourne apartment… …unloading the dishwasher. I pulled out the top rack to put my mug in, and this shark literally came out of nowhere, attacked me on the arm. I was an internal flight to Adelaide. I looked out the plane, theres a fucking shark on the wing. I will attempt an accent, youve probably noticed Ill give it a go. Um, I like accents. It doesnt matter where you go in the world, theyve developed their own little way of talking. I dont know how it starts. Nobody knows how it evolves. Beautiful ones, youve got Italy. Its so beautiful in Italy. They speak so beautiful. I dont know how it evolved, but it is certainly the most sexy way of communication is to talk with an Italian accent, its so sexy. Everybody love the way I talking. Yeah? You go to France… A little pissed off, but still pretty cool, we talk like this. Of all the accents in the world, the one I think maybe they should ch-change, and I dont want to disrespect anybody here who may be from there, but for me, its the Northern Irish accent. What on earth is going on there? Its not an easy one to do. Theyve decided, in Northern Ireland, that the best… the best… the best way to communicate is right… right at the back of their throat, like that. Just making noises. Nothing there. Absolutely nothing. You dont know what theyre saying. Were gonna make noises in a Northern Irish accent, just gonna… What are you even doing here? I dont even know what youre doing here myself. How does it start? Because babies are like… Wah! No, its ‘Aah! All right? If youre going to stay here, youve got to do the ‘Aah.' Its right in the back like that, fucking right at the back. The Northern Irish accent is the only time Ive ever heard somebody sneeze, and I could tell where they were from… …from the sneeze. I was in Dubai airport and this bloke sitting next to me just went… Achoo. Oh, for goodness sake. Are you from, uh, Northern Ireland? I am, Im from Belfast. Thought as much. Its fun though there. Its nice, nice place. Did some good shows in Belfast. Really good audience, up for it. Nice people, friendly, welcoming. Had some time to kill while I was there, so I went to what was, what is, the most successful tourism destination theyve ever had in the whole of Northern Ireland. Its called the Titanic Quarter. And its all about the building of the Titanic, that was built in Belfast, and its something theyre incredibly… proud of. Its like they dont know what happened to the Titanic. Where they built it. I went round this museum, and I said to somebody working there, Im so sorry, but you do know what happened to the Titanic? It was fine when it left here. I dont know if thats the point, mate. So while I was there, I had these gigs in America coming up. Americans are, um… Theyre an amazing audience, Ive got to tell you. Theyre amazing. As an audience, theyre so… You can see them, just… Ready, up for a good… yes! Yes! Theyre wild. Wild. Because, with respect to British people, and I want you to know, I am one, so Im the same as you. When I went to America, they were… I did the show in America, they were wild, whooping, cheering, laughing and everything. I went on social media after the show. Everything was in capitals. Michael McIntyre was awesome! He blew the roof off. He was incredible! I dont get that here. Im going to be honest with you. The best I get from British people is, He didnt disappoint. Even when were happy… …we have to reference our disappointing lives. The other one I get here is, Surprisingly good. Why are you so surprised? You booked the tickets! British people go out with no expectations. Im not planning on much entertainment this evening. Surprisingly good, wasnt it, Pam? So, of all the places I went on my tour round the world, I think my funnest one, the most unexpectedly fun one, for me has to be, um, when I did these shows in Asia. I had never gigged in Asia. I did Hong Kong and Singapore back to back. And Ive never even actually been to Asia before. And this might come as a surprise to many of you to find out that Im not… …an Asian person. I realize… I look Asian. Especially when I smile, I get more and more Asian. Now… Ive looked into this. My parents, not Asian. Everybody in my ancestry, also not from Asia. My children in no way resemble Asian people. I am the sole Asian representative… …of my house and family, and nobody understands why thats happened. Even that I myself mistook myself for an Asian gentleman in what was a very, very depressing moment. I was coming off an airplane, and you know when they leave newspapers there for you to grab on the way off? And Im coming off in that funnel bit, you know the funnel bit? Long-haul flight, not paying attention, and I notice, in the corner of my eye, that Im on the front page of the Daily Mail. And my heart sunk. I thought… What have I done? Oh, my God, somethings happened, something must have broken while I was in the sky. Oh, my… What? Oh, my… What is it? Oh, my God. It was Kim Jong-un. If theres a more depressing moment in my life, Im yet to experience it. The sad truth is that I could probably unlock Kim Jong-uns iPhone… …with my fat Asian face. Maybe the FBI will send me into the Pyongyang palace to steal government secrets in the dead of night. How are you with creeping around bedrooms while people are trying to sleep? I practice that nightly, sir. Im your man. Just give me a schematic of all the creaks on the floorboards and well be fine. While I was in, uh, Asia, in Hong Kong, a very, very exciting development occurred. Um… This was very unexpected. Now, I should tell you that Im married to a beautiful woman. Shes out of my league. Um… Shes like properly… Shes hot. And I know that shes out of my league because everybody who meets us, and meets her, tells us immediately. They cant help it. They just look at us and go… Why? They dont understand. She is a ten. Shes a ten. No doubt about it, shes a ten. I am like, well… maybe with a diet and a… and a tan, and a… and a great… a great distance and a short-sighted affliction… and a low lighting, maybe a six. Or a five. Im feeling its a four from this reaction. Im fine, Im fine with it, I dont care. Because in Hong Kong, Im a fucking nine. Im a nine. This is the look they go for. ‘Cause Ive got this sort of, Is he Asian, is he not Asian? Cool, British, James Bond-y thing going on. Soon as I got off the plane, girls were giggling. Oh, my God! I was like, What? I didnt know what had happened. No one had ever reacted to me like that. Girls were coming up to me, Excuse me, oh, my God, where you from? You have such an interesting face. Oh, hello. I knew they fancied me because they were lowering their face masks to flirt. Hello, stranger. How you doin? This girl came over to me, Excuse me… are you a model? Am I a model? No, what are you talking about? She said, You look exactly like the man from the Paco Rabanne adverts. Theres an advertising campaign in Hong Kong for Paco Rabanne. I look exactly like the guy in it. If anything, Im better looking. In Hong Kong, Im a Paco Rabanne model. In this country, Ive been offered zero advertising work whatsoever. Unless Jacamo come out with a new jacket boob range, I dont think thats gonna be changing… …in the near future. Shop at Jacamo, with their new jacket boob range. Comes in all sizes of boobs. Not gonna happen. Doesnt matter. Hong Kong, gorgeous. Unfortunately, this did lead to a quite embarrassing, uh, situation. My wifes always trying to look after me. She wasnt with me. Um, I was touring alone, but I couldnt sleep, I kept whining about it, Im jetlagged, so she booked me in for a massage in the hotel spa. She said, Its world-renowned. Have a massage, itll help you sleep. So I go downstairs to the spa, you know, lift doors open, theres candles and low music. Theres a few girls on reception, theyre giggling as I walk over because Im gorgeous, but Im used to it now. Its almost annoying. Hes coming over! Oh, my God! Hes the guy from Paco Rabanne! Oh, my God! This one girl lowered her face mask and put red lipstick on. I cant believe its him! Then she put the face mask over her lips. It was seeping through the mask by the time I got there. She looked like the Joker in Batman. Not a good look! I said, Im here for my massage. She said, Okay, what you want to do is you want to go to the mens locker room, just down there on the right, and in there youll find a locker, um… Theres a robe in there, and some slippers. Pop those on, and then go straight on and your therapist will meet you. Enjoy. So I went through, and sure enough I found a locker. There was a robe in there, some slippers, just what I was expecting. But there was something I wasnt expecting at all. A tiny packet of disposable… massage underwear. No man should be wearing these, let me tell you. There was a string that went round one hip, a string that went round the other, and then barely any fabric at all in the middle here. But, as I say, Id never seen these disposable massage pants before. I assumed it was a face mask for my face. So the side stringy bits I hooked onto my ears, like this. And I put my face where my balls were supposed to be housed. Put the robe on, and the slippers, and I start coming down the corridor with these pants on my face. I got into the massage room, the girl was like… The pants are on your face! I took it off, shes like, Its the man from Paco Rabanne! Isnt it lovely, ladies and gentlemen, isnt it nice, just… just for this… just for this… while were doing this show, to not be on our phones? But its nice, isnt it? Look at all of us. Its such a rarity. Look at us all. No one… No ones on their phone. You probably used your phones to book your tickets for tonight. Its very easy. You go online, you go to the theater. You can pick your seats. Its all very easy to do when youre booking things online. But theres a weird thing thats going on when youre booking tickets. It doesnt always happen, and nobody knows what the hell its all about. Youre booking your tickets online, and it suddenly just goes, Are you a robot? Extraordinary question. No ones ever suspected Im anything other human. And you tick the box and you go, No, Im not a robot. This is really weird, can we carry on? And they go, No. The computer goes, No, we cant carry on. Were going to have to run some tests to confirm that you are human and not a robot. And you think, Well, this should be the easiest test Ive ever taken. Im gonna ace this test. All I have to do is prove my humanity! Ive br– Ive– Ive fathered other humans. Im definitely not a robot. Come on, anything youve got. This is such a waste of time. What are the questions? Okay, so, here are some boxes. Which one is a shopfront? Oh. Why is this so difficult? Where are these creepy middle-American shops, anyway? Sometimes the shop is bleeding into more than one box. What are we supposed to do? Do we just tick the main box or all the boxes around it? What are the rules of this robot quiz? So you go, That one, that one, and Im just guessing that one. And you press send. It goes, No. You got that wrong. We still suspect you might be a robot. How are you with bridges? I dont know. I thought I was good at shops! Sometimes I get so many wrong in a row, Im like, Darling, am I a robot? You would tell me? My kids, I realized the other day, they dont even know of a time when there was no internet. Their whole life, theyve had internet. They cant fathom how– They ask the question, How did you survive? And I have no answer. I dont really remember. I dont really remember. But we can think back now to the dawn of the internet. Remember those first few years, when we always said www. Before every website? What a waste of time that was. Why did it take us three years to realize all the websites start with www? You can get us at our website, www.amazon.com. Its www.ebay.com. Www.tripadvisor.com. Some of them must be so painful. The World Wrestling Federation. You can catch us on our website, www.wwwf.com. Every day having to say that shit. The World Wildlife Fund. Of course, dont forget to donate, at www.wwwf.com. We must have wasted a fortnight of our lives just going, wwwwww… And think back, think back now, now that the internet is so much a part of our lives, think back… think back to our first password, because our minds, our brains are so filled with passwords. Its such a struggle for us to remember all the passwords. We go to businesses online and you go, I cant remember. I cant remember my password. And you put it in. Sometimes they lock you out, and they go, No, youve got one more try to remember your own password, you fucking idiot. Oh, God! Or you click I forgot it, and they ask you questions about your life, and you dont even remember the answers. Theyre about your own life! What is your favorite pet? Oh, no, I cant believe I chose one. The dog walks in, If it isnt me, Im leaving. Im literally walking out the door. Www. Oh, the passwords. And at the beginning, we all had one password. It was our… It was our first password. We can nostalgically remember. And we used it for everything, every time we joined another business. Can I have your password? Yes, you can, that is my special word. And then… companies started getting quite rude. You would put your password in, and it would go, Weak. Who are you to judge my special word? Theyre like, Sorry, but the internet has become very popular, we need to strengthen your password. And businesses would insist, We must have from you a capital letter. Im sorry, we will not be accepting passwords anymore unless it contains at least one capital letter. And we all momentarily considered our options before deciding to capitalize the first letter of our password. And for a period of time, that was fine. But the internet became even more popular, and then businesses started saying, Im afraid you cannot join unless you have at least one capital letter and at least one number. Again, less than half a microseconds consideration before we collectively decided, You shall be getting the number one… …and that will be at the end of my now capitalized password. And, for a period of time, this was acceptable, until a whole new unexpected and exciting dawn emerged. A world of special characters. We didnt even know what they were! And businesses would say, We need a capital letter, we need a number, but we will also require a special character. And we clicked on the button, Please, can I have some examples of these special characters which you now insist upon? And we perused them. There they are. I had no idea these characters were so special. Until all of our eyes stopped upon… the exclamation mark. Youre coming with me. Which we then put at the end of our now capitalized password, just after the one. And its at this moment that everybody at the London Palladium is thinking, I should probably change my password. Im probably gonna do that tomorrow. Do that now. Need to think of another special word. Better get that changed. But this is it, this is whats happening, of course, in the 20, in the 20s, 2020s, in the 2020s. Technology will only improve. Its supposed to make our lives easier. Sometimes, in my opinion, a little bit too easy. I just got a new car. Everything is automated. I dont do a thing for myself in this car. It gets dark, the headlights come on on their own. It starts raining, the windscreen wipers come on on their own. But it means that youre physically doing less in the car, and, lets be honest, it all adds up. It all adds up if you get lazy and everythings done for you. Like, there are young people here who use the expression, Can you roll the window up? Can you roll the window down? Mum, roll the window up. Roll the window down. But their whole lives, theyve been pushing button like this. Pushing button. They know nothing… of the decades that we spent physically doing this shit. Not easy. Often it would get stuck. It was quite… Good for your bicep. Dont need to go to the gym, just roll the window down. Sometimes when the window was all the way down, it would start raining. It would be amazing, a super-fast wind-up. The passenger one, leaning over and doing that. You could try them both at the same time if you were feeling confident. Dont go to the gym. To move the seat in my new car, its all done by buttons. Theres a button next to the seat, you move it to go forward. You move it to go back. Errr. The back rest. Err, err, err-err. All pushing buttons. Thats all youre doing with your fingers. Back in the day, of course, thered be a lever between your legs. Youd lift it up and it would shoot you… …along rails into the backseat of the car. Hello! Im in the back now! You could see the rails in front of you like a mini roller coaster in reverse. Then youd have to shag your way… …to your favored driving position. Very good for your core. Often you would over-shag. You would over-shag all the way, whoa, to the steering wheel, then have to back-shag… …with sensitivity. Gentlemen of the 70s were much better lovers. Theyre always shagging up and down in the Cortina for practice, just to find their favored driving position. So I had a bit of a weird moment in the car the other day with, um… with my wife. Now, look… My relationship… and I dont know if I speak for all men here, I feel like its a never-ending quest with my wife to find out what Im supposed to be doing. I never quite know exactly what Im supposed to be doing. So were driving in the car, and shes in the passenger seat. Very odd, this was. I go past a parking space, I realize Ive gone past it, and I go, Oh, I need to reverse. So I do a classic move, weve all seen this, I put my arm around her, sort of, you know, lean up like that. You know, just sort of… You know. And then reverse, quite fast. And then wind it into a space, nice. Felt pretty good, decent maneuver. Didnt think much of it, didnt make a thing. My wife looks at me and she goes, Ooh. I find that really sexy. I had no idea what she was talking about. Im looking outside the car, What? What happened? Did something– What are you talking about? She said, Ive always found that really sexy, when men do that. What men? What men are you talking about? Who are these sexy men? What are you talking about? She said, Just when you reverse like that, Ive always found that really sexy and you dont normally do that. Do what? What are you… What are you talking about? Just when you put your arm around me and then reverse really fast. Ooh, Ive always found that really sexy. Im sorry, but Ive been focusing mainly… in the bedroom for the last 20 years of our relationship to arouse you. It would have taken me a billion years before I attempted maneuvers in the car… …as part of foreplay. Whats the plan for date night? Shall we just drive around in reverse and you tell me when youre up for it? Im happy to do that now, seeing as were here. She said, Michael, I cant help what I find sexy. I said, Well, is there anything else really weird that you find sexy that I should know about? She said, Let me have a think. I said, Please do. She said, Oh, there is one thing that men do. Sorry, who are the men which you speak of? Its just that you dont do it, Michael. Do what? She said, You know when men take their sweater off, take their jumper off, and just reach behind their back, and then… just take it off in one go. She said, Oh. Ohh. She starts moaning. Ohh. I find that really sexy. Im sorry, what are you talking about? They just reach behind their back, and then just take their jumper off. You dont find my way sexy? When I get the sleeves and I… …slowly and expertly work my way up… And then you have to pull it off. She said, As a matter of fact, I do not… find that sexy. So I thought, Fine, Im gonna put this to the test. Banked it, yeah? Few weeks later, date night. Went out, good night, few drinks, nice meal. Came home, kids are asleep, happened to be in a sweater. Thought, Im gonna bloody go for it. I didnt realize it would be difficult. I didnt realize I had to practice this move. Nor did I realize it was one of the tighter necklines in my wardrobe. So I just reached behind my back and I just went for it, I pulled as hard as I could, and my head got stuck in the ring. It was like I was being born very slowly. A definite forceps delivery. Also, and I was w– I was upset about this, my shirt came up with the jumper, so my tummy was just wobbling around in the open. And this was after dinner. Dont fill up on bread, Michael. But its hot, its warm. Are you gonna finish those potatoes? Theyre so yummy, shame to go to waste. Shall we share a dessert? Fuck that, Ill have my own. Petit fours? Dont mind if I do! And I was pulling it so hard to keep it sexy. It took a while, and I finally popped out the top. She wasnt there, shed fucked off. Babe? I did the sexy jumper thing. You missed it! I thought we could drive around in reverse for a bit and then maybe go to bed? So here, ladies and gentlemen… …is a bit of an overshare. Hashtag… Too much information. I said to her after all this stuff, I said, Babe… Babe… Babe… Im tired of this trial and error approach. Why dont– We should just communicate. Why dont you just tell me, after all these… Lets just talk about it, just tell me, what really turns you on. She went, What, really? I was like, Ooh. Whatever that is, I wanna know! What really turns you on? She went, For real? Yes. You really wanna know? Yes. Seriously? Yes, just tell me. For real? Yes. She went… Black men. How exactly am I supposed to work that into our anniversary, darling? Despite this, things are going well. Um… Still together. Kids are growing up. Um… Ozzy, my youngest, hes, uh… hes still a kid, really. I mean, my… Lucas is 14 now, Ozzys like 11. So hes still a little boy. And hes… hes a very bright, amazing boy. He needs to get off, he needs to get of the Xbox. He has to get off the Xbox. Completely bloody addicted to playing his bloody Xbox. And I come in there all the time, Come on, off. I said five minutes, its been 45 minutes. You were lucky to get away with that. Off. Hes like, Im coming in a minute, Dad. Ill be there in a… Sorry. Thats not his voice, I dont know who that was! He is far more middle class than that, let me tell you! Ill be there momentarily, Papa. Just give me a few more minutes and Ill… Ill be wrapping up shortly. Post-haste. I dont know who that first kid was! ‘Ello, mate, Im your son. Does that come as a surprise? Ive been meaning to ask you, Dad, how come Im from the East End… …and youre Chinese? I cant get my head around this. What kind of a family am I living in? What kind of a family? And Ive just seen Mom reversing down the road with a black geezer. Whats happening? I saw a sweater flung out the window. She looked happy. Happier than in a while, I gotta tell. Big grin on her face. Dont know who that is, sorry. So hes always, Ill get off in a minute. Always in a minute. I dont think he knows what in a minute means. Its one word, inaminute. Youll come off now, all right? Dinners on the table. Im coming, I cant… In a minute, its a really important game. He plays this shooting game, this Fortnite rubbish. Its a really important game, all right? Pause it, then. I cant pause it, Dad. It wont pause. You cant pause it. I cant… You can pause it! Im putting my foot down! You need to pause it. I cant pause it. Id– Id have to kill myself. Darling, its not that serious. No, I mean on the game. Id have to kill myself on the game. Then kill yourself, I dont care! This is what happens now every night in my house. I call up the stairs, Ozzy! Kill yourself, its dinner! Get your friend to shoot you! Its Bolognese, getting cold. Truth is, he doesnt respect me. I have no control over him whatsoever. He runs rings around me. He only listens to his mother. He laughs in my face. Every time I raise my voice… The other day I was like, Come on, its bedtime now. Have you brushed your teeth? He was like, Dad, Dad, theres no need to shout. Im standing right here. I can hear you. Calm down. He said to me, Are you tired or something? Are you tired? I suppose a little bit, I am a little bit tired. The other day he said to me, Is your blood sugar level low? Do you need a snack? Yeah, I suppose. I mean, I am a bit hungry. He sent me to my room to lie down. The big news in our house is, uh… Well, weve got… weve got a dog. Weve never had a dog before. Theres dog fans! Got a little fluffy… Got a little fluffy dog. Little fluffy, lovely little fluffy dog. Mr. McFluffintyre. Hes a very nice… fluffy, fluffy dog. Hes very loving. You know why hes loving? Because thats his nature. Different breeds of dogs have different natures. I went to– It was like buying a car. I went on this website, www. Something… www.whatkindofdog.com. Uh… It tells you about the different breeds, all the characteristics, and how much you need to walk them, and how much exercise they need, how much you feed them, whether they molt and all this stuff. And there was a category for love, how loving are they? How much do they love people? And it was all rated out of five stars, and I was only considering dogs that got five stars for love. Why would you bring an animal into your home if it doesnt love you the fullest? And five-star love dogs, theres, you know, golden retrievers, Labradors, and my dog, the little fluffy Norfolk terrier. Hes a five-star love dog. And you can see it in his eyes when he looks at me, its unbelievable. Hes like, I love you so much. Im gonna give him a Norfolk accent. Hes a Norfolk terrier. I dont know how he speaks, but I assume if he did, he would. I love you so much. Thank you so much for being my master. Thank you so much for letting me live in your house. I love what youve done with the place, its magnificent. Absolutely beautiful. You could be an interior designer if you put your mind to it. I think you could do anything if you put your mind to it. When I look at you, I feel the same way as an Asian woman does when she looks at you. Im absolutely obsessed with you. I think youre amazing. I love the way, when you reach up high, your jacket squeezes up like boobs. I love it when I hear you getting up in the night and I listen for you peeing. ‘Hes up again! What a character! I love it when you come out the bath and youve got two red feet, one red arm and a couple of red balls. I just love it. I miss you when youre away. I get worried about you getting bitten by sharks in Australia. I worry about you slipping on that big dick on the sex floor. I know youre not a robot. Youre one of the most genuine people Ive ever known in my entire life. I love you. Im obsessed. You know when you go out the house? I… I know its irrational, but I worry that you might be dead. I get it in my head that hes only gone and died, my master, the true love of my lifes gone and died on me. And then when you come home, Im the happiest dog in the whole wide world cause Im a five-star love dog! Thats my dog. Five stars. Very loving. I went on the website to see dogs that dont get five stars for love. One star, the chihuahua. Those little Mexican dogs with the googly eyes, they dont like people. ‘Cause you run into different breeds of dogs, because you take the dog, dog owners know this, you take them to the park and they want to sniff around and stuff, they want to meet other dogs. And they see them. Its amazing when they spot each other. And basically, what they want to do, well, what my dog wants to do, is have a little, very brief encounter with the other dog which involves smelling each others balls and then carrying on. Its very odd. He goes up to a dog, Excuse me, mate, is it all right if I smell your balls? Then the other dog goes, Yeah, whatever, and then they… And then hes, Have a go on mine. And then they go, Thanks for that, and then they just carry on. And they spot each other from miles away. And the other dog looks at him. And then, sometimes, dogs are mean. They dont want to smell, cause hes a little puppy. Some German shepherd will be coming along like this, Im the German shepherd. Im the German shepherd. My dog goes, Is it alright if I have a quick sniff on the balls? Absolutely not, you silly little puppy. Look at the size of you. You couldnt even get up to my magnificent balls if you tried! You think Im going to stoop to your mini balls? Disgusting! Stay away from my balls! Get a French poodle come along. Im the French poodle. My dog comes. Excuse me, I was wondering if I could get a… I just got quite badly treated by a German shepherd. I was wondering if I could get a quick sniff on your balls? Before Brexit, it would have been fine, but Im not happy. I dont think you made the right decision, no. You have not made the right decision. You know? Maybe before, but now I dont like it. The way you vote is very rude to the French people. Youre not part of this anymore, you know? You want free movement of people? Well, you dont get free movement of your nose to my balls, not anymore. Get away from the balls. Afghan hound coming over. Please, dont touch my… In normal circumstances I would, but things very difficult in my country. I have to go home. Very many unrest in my region. I must go watch CNN. Please, balls are not available right now. Once in a while you get lovely dogs, like a little Scottish terrier comes along. Ooh, hello! Ah, fucking feast on those, pal! Get your face right in! Go on, Im in no rush whatsoever! Ill have a go on yours in a minute. Just enjoy! Get right the fuck in there, pal! But chihuahuas? Oh, every time… Every time you see a chihuahua, the owners like, Whoa, whoa, whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Careful! Hes a bit nippy. And you can see it in his eyes. Id be like, Of course– of course hes a bit nippy, hes a one-star love dog. Do your research. See him going, Im a one-star love dog, I dont know why she bought me. I dont like her. I dont like other people. Why she not do her research on the internet? When she tries to come close to me, I try to bite her, cause I dont like her face, I dont like her children, her husband. You know when she goes out of the house, I hope shes dead. I do, I pray for her death. And get me out of your handbag, you fucking witch! One star. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for coming out and sharing this super fun night with me! Thank you very much! Goodnight! Bravo! Yay! Nice people! Thank you! Thank you at the top! Thank you, lovely people! Thank you! Thank you all! Goodnight! Bravo! Woo-hoo!

ROB SCHNEIDER@ASIAN MOMMA, MEXICAN KIDS@2020@[Rob Schneider] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome… Rob Schneider. [audience cheering] [upbeat music playing] [cheering, clapping] Thank you very much. Thank you, Salt Lake! You can do it! How are you? [chuckles] You know what I realized recently? Im at the age now… Its not that Im less interested in sex, but Im as interested in cookies. [audience laughing] You know what I mean? You know what I mean? What kind of cookies are those? Could you move your tits? Youre blocking the cookies. Yeah. Cookie underneath that tit. That cookie. Two of those. Thank you very much. Thank you. [audience laughing] People in their 20s, 30s, they dont get it yet. People in their 20s, 30s are like, [in hype voice] Lets get fucked up! You wanna get fucked up? Yeah, lets get fucked up! No, I dont want to get fucked up. I dont. No. Its not fun. Im in my fifties. I only feel good, like, two days a month. [audience laughing] Why would I want to fuck up one of those? [audience laughing] If I want to get fucked up at my age, Ill eat some cheese, you know? [audience roars with laughter] [moans] [groans] What kind of cheese was that? Camembert with truffle flakes? All right, it was worth it, but fuck. Im fucked up now. [audience laughing] My wife, for Christmas, got me a gym membership. Thank you, honey. Oh, thank you. [audience laughing] And I went over there, and, uh, I saw these old guys. They were working out, and, uh, they were ripped. But it looks weird, you know. So, I dont wanna get ripped. I just dont want to look like a complete piece of shit, you know. Thats the goal. Give me that personal trainer, the not complete piece of shit personal trainer. So, Im looking at these old guys, and theyre ripped, you know. But it looked weird. Something was off. I was like, Is it the ripped thing? Then I figured it out. Youre not supposed to be ripped when youre old, cause your skin gets stretched too thin. Its like, Look how ripped I am! Yeah, but I can see your heart. [audience roars with laughter] Put on a shirt. Youre grossing me out. But, um… my favorite part of being married is my wife deciding what I dont need anymore. [in Mexican accent] This doesnt fit. This looks like shit. Cant wear this. Shes not Mexican. Its just more fun to do that voice. [chuckles] Its more fun. She could be Mexican. Im not sure. I just… I have my suspicions. Im not 100% sure. You dont wear this anymore. This doesnt fit anymore. My wife threw away all my sweatpants. Threw it away. I said, Whyd you throw away my sweatpants? [in Mexican accent] Because sweatpants, they lie to you! They are liars, the sweatpants. You dont know how fat youre getting. You dont know till one day, both the strings just disappear. [audience laughing] Then you are a fat fuck! Then its too late! I throw them away! [chuckling] Shes right, though. Let me tell you. If youre in your 50s, and youre a guy, its dangerous, wearing sweatpants. It is. Its dangerous. ‘Cause its way too easy to just whip out your dick. [audience laughing] [chuckles] I found myself whipping out my dick. I wasnt even halfway to the bathroom. Like… [audience laughing] And then I get distracted by something, like… [audience laughing] Then I hear my wife yelling, What are you doing with your dick out? Youre not even in the bathroom yet! I was like, Hey, I didnt even realize the Olive Garden had a salad bar. [audience laughing] Theyve got a… [chuckles] But I have my own problems. I have a three-year-old cause Im a fucking idiot. [audience laughing] [sighs] [smacks lips] Did not think that one through. I didnt. I thought it in. I didnt think it… [audience laughing] I didnt think it through. Shes super cute. We also have a, uh, seven-year-old, my wife and I, and… Shes a little tough on the [stammers] seven-year-old when she had to go through potty training. She was tough. Very… She said, [in Mexican accent] Were going to hold her legs down on the toilet. Well close the door, then she wont be able to get out. Shell know this is the potty. One day of screaming. Well hold her little legs there. Put on your earplugs, whatever the fuck you need to do. Were screaming. And it was awful, but she was right. It was one day, you know. But I said, You know, for the new baby, for the accident, lets not… [audience laughing] Lets let the accident decide when shes ready. Maybe a little less cruel this time. Maybe? Huh? [chuckles] So we let her decide when it was ready. And, uh… shes three years old, and, uh… she hasnt decided shes ready. She hasnt. She said to me the other day, Papi, cámbiame por favor. I was like, ¿Qué? What? Papi, change me, please, Daddy. I was like, Well, Madeleine, if youre smart enough to tell me in two different fucking languages… Um… [chuckles] [audience laughing] Youre smart enough to hop your little culo up on that toilet right there, do your business up there. Okay? All right? You know, uh, your diapers are a size seis, seis. Yeah. They dont make siete. They dont. You know why? Youre supposed to have this shit figured out by now. Yeah. Un-huh. They dont make em bigger. Dont know what what to tell you. You dont figure this out, youre gonna have to borrow one from Grandma. Thats all I have for you. You know. [audience clapping] Now, my wife loves our kids, and, uh… so she doesnt let me be in charge of too many things. [chuckles] So, some things, though, by default, um, come to me to make a decision. Okay, so I happen to sleep on the side of the bed right next to the door. And so, like, when my seven-year-old, she wants to come and sleep with us, I have to decide whether she really needs to sleep with us. ‘Cause she comes, you know, to stay. Shes got, like, her little pillow, her rabbit. Shes not coming to say, Hi. How are you? I thought Id bring everything. Muah. Go back to bed. No, shes there for the whole night! So she comes over, and I look at her, and I go, Whats up? She goes, I need to come sleep with you. [audience laughing] Like, um… why? You have your own bed. Why? Uh… Had nightmare. So, excuse me. I need to get in. [audience laughing] I need to get in there. Okay, no, no. I need more information. Tell me about this nightmare. Dinosaurs. [audience laughing] Excuse me, I need to be in there. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Dinosaurs what? Chasing me. Chasing me. [audience laughing] Okay, dinosaurs chasing you. Okay. Okay. Um, not scary enough. Go back to bed now. Come on. Come on. [audience laughing] Its not scary enough. Theyre not eating your face! Not scary enough to screw up my whole nights sleep. Thats what it does, screws up my nights sleep. She doesnt sleep like an angel, like I do, like this. [hums] She sprawls out. Shes like… I dont need that shit. [audience laughing] [chuckles] Now, I have allergies, which means, six oclock in the morning, I sneeze about 20 times. If I didnt have a downstairs, Id be divorced for sure, for sure. This is my third marriage. I dont wanna get divorced again, okay? I live in Hollywood, so thats, like, one, you know, but… I gotta make this marriage work… cause I really like my house. [audience laughing] Know what Im saying? Its a nice house. Its got heated bathroom floors. Fuck, that feels good. Shit. [woman whoos] I dont wanna have to lose this. Fuck! Guess I better figure out what that crazy wife is talking about. [chuckles] Whats that, honey? Yeah! Lets look at all the schools. [giggling] But anyway, so I go downstairs, and Im sneezing. I go downstairs to sneeze. I go, Achoo, achoo, achoo… I was like… My wifes like, I still fucking hear you! [audience laughing] But… And I came back– I come back upstairs, and Miranda, our seven-year-old, is asleep already in my side of the bed… I dont wanna deal with this right now. Forget it. Ill find someplace else to sleep, okay? So I go to another part of the house Ive never even been before. You know? Fuck, theres a room over here. I didnt know this. Theres a whole other wing. So… [chuckles] and so, I open up a door, you know, and my wife beat me to it. Shes already asleep in the bed. I go, Whatever, you know. So I get into bed with her. And, like, when youre in your 50s, you cant just fall back right to sleep. You know, its like… it takes a little while. So whenever Im in bed with my wife, and I cant sleep, I just start, you know, grabbing a little bit. Just a little bit. -A little grab, you know. -[man] Yeah, bud! Im hoping one day, she might go, Oh, you know, thats a good idea. [chuckles] You know? It hasnt happened yet, but you gotta put it out there. You know what I mean? You gotta try. You put it out. Anyway, so Im grabbing a little bit, and I noticed, it feels… a little softer than what Im used to. A little bit. But Im not gonna judge. Maybe she took a hot bath. I dont know, whatever. But her breasts also felt similarly off, you know. Then I thought to myself, You know, theres a chance this is not my wife. [audience roars with laughter] So I got out of bed, [chuckles] and I ran back to the bedroom, and I saw my wife in there, asleep in a chair. And I said, Honey, wake up. She goes, What is it? I said, Honey, I think I may have molested your mother. [audience whoos, laughs] So… [chuckles] She pushed right by me. She just went, Mom, why didnt you say anything? And her mom says, You know I dont talk to that idiot! [audience laughing] So… whatever… Ill tell you about myself more. Im, uh, Im Asian. My moms Filipino. And, uh, thats usually where one person, Filipino, in the crowd goes, Whew! [chuckles] But anyway… But not this time. Im a mixed-race person. In this age of diversity, you know, they want to hire… Lets have Asian people. Lets have Black people. Lets have women. Diversity. So Im Asian, but Im not Asian enough where it can help me these days. -[audience laughing] -Its like, Fuck! Im, like, Rob Schneider. Im not, like, Rob Akabonaito, you know. Fuck! Im part Asian. I know youve been looking at me, thinking, I know theres something in there. What the hell is it? What is in there, exactly? Its tough. I have an Asian mother. I dont recommend it. I dont. [audience laughing] [chuckles] Theyre tough. It was very tough for me. I didnt get that treatment when I was a kid, Youre so good. Have a great time. Youre so smart. Youre so good. You can be anything you want. I got As and Bs in school. Mom, I got straight As. She goes, So what? Thats your job, to get straight As. Youre smart, not an idiot. Come on. Huh? What do you want, a cookie? You want a cookie for that? Huh? Huh? Thats your job. Whats expected of you. You want something extra, do something extra. Huh. [audience laughing] You do your job. You dont hear me going, ‘I cooked and cleaned all day. What do I get? What do I get? What do I get? What do I get? What do I get? No. You do your job, I do my job. Huh. We keep this relationship nice and cold. Thats it, okay? [audience laughing] And it was. The thing I remember most about my childhood is my mom yelling at me. Whether it was to protect me or whatever, she was like, See what happens, huh? You fell down. See what happens, huh? No running in the house. See what happens, huh? You hurt yourself. See what happens, huh? You broke that. See what happens? No roughhousing. See what happens? Huh? You knocked that over. See what happens? [audience laughing] One time, we were playing basketball three miles away from the house. Somebody twisted an ankle. All of a sudden, See what happens? [audience laughing] Dude, thats your mom on a mountain over there. See what happens? I grew up in San Francisco. My first job was Chang and Chows 76 station, gas station, yeah. They used to pay us on Saturday. This is before we had banks open on Saturday. Cash. Theyd pay us cash on Saturdays. And then theyd take us out to Chinese food, give us a couple of beers, play poker. Theyd win all our fucking money back. -[chuckling] -[audience laughing] I did that for two weeks, then I go, Im not fucking doing that again. They took all our money, Bob, for cheap fucking Chinese food! [chuckles] Heres the thing. Uh… the Chinese have been communist for 71 years so far and counting, but theyve been capitalists for 2,000 fucking years. Okay? Thats right. You want to get Chinese food after the show? Well find a place. Even if theyre closed, its like… [in Chinese accent] Oh, I sorry, were closed. I got 500 people. Oh, okay, were fucking open. Come on in. We just offer the midnight special. We have a midnight special. [audience laughing] Thats right. My dad was Jewish. We know we can get Chinese food on Christmas, cause the Chinese, they dont give a fuck about any holiday. [in Chinese accent] Were open Christmas. Come! Yeah, all day long. Come on down. No, fuck Jesus! Come on down. Were open. Oh, yeah. ‘Cause he born that day, we go broke? Fuck that, no way. No way. The fish in the tank, they dont know what day it is. They dont. Just another Tuesday for them. President assassinated? Two-for-one buffet today. Two-for-one, president assassination special. 9/11? Come on, you got choice. Nine different kind of meat, 11 kind of noodles. Its a 9/11 special. [audience laughing] I know its sad. We cry. We cry. Its sad. Then we get hungry! Then we got egg foo yung, pork fried rice, got the lo mein noodle, panfried noodle, seared noodle. And then weve got, of course, the wonton noodle, the wonton noodle. [Speaking Chinese] Yeah, okay. Weve got one more order, beef with the oyster sauce. Weve got one more order. Beef with the oyster sauce. Thats not racist, thats accurate. That is accurate, very. [audience cheering, clapping] No. You gotta understand. You know how hard it is for you to speak Chinese? Thats how hard it is for Chinese people to speak English. It gets stuck in the back of the throat, they gotta get it out. [in Chinese accent] Beef with oyster sauce! Beef! Oyster sauce! Beef! Oyster! [audience roars with laughter] You know what you never see in America? Homeless Asian people. [audience cheering] You dont see that shit. [man] Lets go! Asian people like, [in Chinese accent] No, fuck that. No way. We figure out something else. No, well work on a part of the body nobody wants to go near, like the toenails. We do the whole toenail. Well do the toenail. We scrape that shit off the back. [audience laughing] No, no, no. No, well wax your anus from the front. Well just get in there. Well just get in there. Get in there. [puffs in mic] Well bleach your asshole. Sure, why not? Come on. Youre already here. Why not bleach your asshole? Sure, another $25. Well massage you, jerk you off, take your white devil money somehow. Oh, come on already! Oh! Oh! When you go, go the other way. Come on. Its humiliating for me, too. Come on. All right. My favorite though, are the Koreans, another hard-working group of people. Koreans, hard-working. Except with the Korean barbecue. I gotta say, its a little lazy in there. A bit. You go to a Korean barbecue, [in Korean accent] Welcome to Korean barbecue. Welcome. Be very careful, hot coal. Very hot. Ow, hot. Hot coal. Hot. Careful, hot coal. Hot. Okay, I get it. Hot coal, I get it. So how does this shit work? [in Korean accent] Okay. Heres the raw filet mignon. There you go. Raw filet mignon. There you go. Raw filet mi– What do I do with it? Oh, you cook it. You cook it. You cook it. You cook it. [audience laughing] Hey, Im paying you to go out to eat. You cook it. You cook it. You cook it. [in Korean accent] No, no, no, you cook it. You cook it. You cook it. [audience laughing] Seems kind of lazy, huh? Id hate to go to a Korean whorehouse. [audience roars with laughter] [in Korean accent] Welcome to Korean whorehouse. Come on in! This is the room. You suck your own dick. Yeah, yeah, you suck it! You suck it! You suck it! Then come over this room. You fuck yourself hard, this room. Oh, huh-huh! You get your moneys worth, this room. Oh! Oh! Then you come over here, you take a shower, then get the fuck out. Why you stay here so long? We have other customer. [audience laughing] Takeru Saito, ladies and gentlemen. [audience cheering, clapping] Wanna play a little something, buddy? [soft piano playing] Well, Im glad, as a society, men have finally had their reckoning with their horrible behavior. Some things were conveniently forgotten during this whole episode, conveniently forgotten about men and their behavior. Its that men are… -pigs, you know. -[audience laughing] I should say men have pig potential. Pig potential. Im a guy. I have pig potential. If my wife said to me, Hey, you can make out with my best friend, I wouldnt do it, but Id probably ask, Which one? [audience laughing] Im not Jesus. I have pig potential. Ive been to Starbucks. Ive looked down at the end of the line. Ive seen a nice-looking girl with exposed cleavage, thought to myself, You know, probably feel pretty good to go over there and go… Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. But I dont do it. ‘Cause you know what in my head feels better? To be able to order a cappuccino without having to register as a fucking sex offender. [audience laughing] -Cappuccino, Rob, sex offender. -Yeah, right here. Thank you. All men have pig potential. Im gonna sell out every guy in the room. Sorry, Im gonna do it. Ladies, the guy youre with now, I dont care if youve been married one year, five years, ten years, 20 years. I dont care if you got kids, grandkids. The first time the person youre hoping to spend the rest your life with, the first time he went out with you, first time, first time, he only wanted to have sex with you. Thats all he wanted, all he wanted it. If he couldve just had sex and went home, it wouldve been the greatest fucking night ever. Sorry. Dont get me wrong, ladies. He loves you now for you, cause youre amazing. You are! You changed him. You did! You did! Youre incredible. But the first time, he only wanted to have sex with you. That was it. Thats all he wanted. Im sorry, guys are looking… for sex. And if a relationship happens, fuck it, theyll deal with it, okay? [audience laughing] Its not what they want. They just end up in it, they dont even know how it happened. [audience laughing] What? You want to get something to eat first? Yeah, Ill eat something, yeah. Sure. At your parents house, really? Oh. Hmm, okay, yeah. Are you hanging your shit up in my closet? Is that what youre doing? Good, hang it up. I dont want it to wrinkle. Dont want– I think Im in this fucking thing. What the hell happened? I thought I was just fucking her. Conversely, women are looking for a relationship. And if sex happens, fuck it, theyll deal with it. [audience roars with laughter] Oh, God, there it is. Oh, my God. Here we go. [chuckles] Oh, my God. Hey. Whats that? What? Turn around? Oh, its happening. Its happening. Its happening. Its happening. What? Look at you? I am looking at you. Im looking at you. I am looking at you. I am looking… Oh, that was disgusting! Oh, my God! [audience laughing] [chuckling] There are women that are the exception. Wheres the dick? Those are the women Im looking for, but theyre gone early. Gotta get there by 8:00 in the morning. Girls that like dick? Oh, theyre gone. Fuck. Shit. Missed… missed it again. [chuckles] Un… [chuckling] But, um… very early in the relationship, guys have to do emotional math. They say, like, Okay, Im really crazy attracted to her. I just cant stand not being with her. But… how much work is this really fucking gonna be? [audience laughing] Is she showing me, like, the real crazy, or is there another crazy, crazy? [high-pitched voice] Where the fuck were you? I saw your phone! Who are you fucking in Park City? Or wherever. When is that gonna come out? Has she been lying to me this whole fucking time? ‘Cause Ive been lying to her this whole fucking time. I have no idea who I am. [audience laughing] And then they jump in. They make the commitment. You know, and they do that by how crazy attracted they are to you. Thats it, you know? Guys are not complicated. They just wanna be with a woman that drives them crazy, that they just have to be with, that theyre crazy attracted to. You know, beauty has its place. People tell me all the time, Hey, Rob, your wifes way too beautiful for you. Its like, Well, you know, [chuckles] thats what I was going for. [chuckles] You know. I like those. [audience laughing] Beauty has its place. It does. People like to hear that. Oh, what a beautiful child! Beautiful. People like to hear that. Beautiful child! Beautiful. They dont like to hear, Ooh. [audience laughing] What happened? Was there a fire? Are you gonna keep it? You should keep it. Keep her for a little while. [audience laughing] And then a guy jumps in that relationship. Now, heres an interesting thing about guys, its that guys work proportionately in a relationship depending on how attracted they are to you. If a guys with a woman that he feels is about the same level of attractiveness as he is, hell have a certain amount of devotion, time, effort, care in the relationship. However, weird thing is, if a guys with a woman that he knows is way out of his league, he will work harder. Say a guys going out with a Victorias Secret model. The guys like, Whats that, honey? What? What? Tell me. You cant find your car keys? Well! [chuckling] Lets just go buy another car! Yeah, [chuckles] Ill fill out all that shit! Go get your nails done. Get a massage. Seriously. Ill get a second job to pay for it. I dont need sleep. You married a strong guy. [audience laughing] If its a guy who feels hes the same level of attractiveness as the woman hes with, Whats that, honey? What? You cant find your car keys? Well, looks like youre gonna have to walk, bitch. I mean… [audience roars with laughter] I am helping you! Maybe on your walk home, you figure out where you left your goddamn car keys! Im at work right now! If its a Victorias Secret model, Whats that, honey? What? Tell me. You left the kids at the mall? -[audience laughing] -[chuckles] We can have more kids! Sure, we can. Itll be fun! If its a guy who feels the same level of attractiveness as the woman hes with, Whats that, honey? You left the kids at the mall? -That was fucking dumb, wasnt it? – [audience laughing] Well, yeah, theyre with me right now. Theyre not gonna call the parent that fucking left them there. That would make them dumb. They found your goddamn car keys! Im at work right now! [audience laughing] If it was a Victorias Secret model, Whats that? Whats that, honey? You killed my mother? Well, shes been feeling terrible recently. [audience laughing] Somebody had to do something. Thank you. I love you. [mouthing] If its a guy who feels about the same level of attractiveness as his wife, Whats that, honey? You what? You killed my mother? Shes been feeling terrible recently. [audience roars with laughter] Somebody had to do something. Thank you. I love you. [mouthing] [audience whooing, clapping] [chuckles] Thank you. Look, Ill be honest with you. My wifes wanted to divorce me. Weve been together for ten years. Shes wanted to divorce me every three months for ten years. [audience laughing] Its gonna happen again in two weeks. I know it. Im used to it. I can deal with it. Hey, Im too old to quit. I am. Its tough when you marry somebody younger than you cause they still have… hope. -[audience laughing] -You know? Thats tough to squeeze out. After, uh… two years of being married, my wife said to me, [in Mexican accent] Its not getting better. You said its gonna get better, but its no mejor. No mejor. Its no better. Why am I hanging in there for, huh? Losing more of my youth, my youth, my youth. Bye-bye, youth. Bye. I was like, Well, honey, you gotta get over the hump. The hump is, like, three years. Get over the hump, then go, ‘Thank God we hung in there. ‘Cause youre over the hump, huh? After three years, [in Mexican accent] Okay, were over the hump. But its no better, no mejor. Why am I hanging in there, losing more of my youth, youth, youth, youth, youth? Honey, I didnt really tell you. What I really meant was, like, five years. Thats when you have a history together. Five years. [puffs] Thank God I didnt quit, you know? After five years, [in Mexican accent] Okay, we got a history. Huh. But its not a good history. Its no mejor. Its no mejor. Why am I hanging in there? More of my youth. Bye-bye, youth, youth, youth, youth, youth, youth, youth. I had to just tell her, Look, honey, its easy to quit. You can quit right now. I cant stop you. You can find another guy, easy. Youre beautiful, brilliant, incredible. Youre youthful. Your youth. Youve got your youth. Youd find another guy like that. Youre gonna have the same relationship with him that you had with me, then you get bored again. ‘Whens it gonna get better? My youth! My youth! Blah, blah Then you leave that guy. You could find another guy, easy. Youre brilliant, beautiful, incredible. Youll find another guy like that. Then youre gonna have the same relationship with him that you had with him, that you had with me. Or you could realize that all these problems that you have have nothing to fucking do with me! [audience laughing] Figure it out! I can make you happier. I cant make you happy. Youre responsible for your own feliz. Maybe you dont realize, that I am your Prince Charming. All right? Maybe you didnt realize Prince Charming is gonna look like me, be as old as me and as short as me, but I am your Prince Charming. I havent told her that last part yet, but Im this fucking close. Know what Im saying? -[audience laughing] -[chuckling] When I say its up to each of us to find our own, to be happy, the er part is on us, guys. It really is. The er part. And dont make them un, unhappy. Make them happier, you know. Read a woman, you know? Listen to what she says. Dont do what she says, cause she doesnt mean that, but figure out what the fuck she really is saying. ‘Cause women speak in code, and its up to us to kind of figure out… the code for whats healthiest in the relationship. Like when my wife says to me, [in Mexican accent] Im gonna go downstairs and get some water. What shes really saying is, Go downstairs and get me some water. [audience laughing] Then when I say, Do you want me to get it for you? What Im really saying is, Please dont make me get it for you. Its cold as shit down there. I dont have any pants on. Id have to put my pants on. When my wife said to me, [in Mexican accent] Im really tired, what shes saying is, Get that dick away from me! [audience laughing] I feel it on my back! [woman laughing loud] [audience laughing, clapping] [audience roars with laughter] That looks horrible. [chuckles] Im sorry. [audience laughing] But guys speak in code, too. Like, late at night, guys speak in code. Honey, you mind if I turn the heat down a bit? You know, a little bit? The heat, a little bit, a little bit? Turn the heat down a little bit, a bit, a bit? What theyre really saying is, I think Im fucking dying! [audience laughing] I spent the last four hours laying down on the kitchen floor. Im already naked. I cant take my skin off. My wife will say to me, I felt the weirdest thing in the middle of the night. Its like, What? I felt this cold air blowing on me. And I had to go, Oh, thats fucked up. What? Whod want that while theyre sleeping? Nice, cool breeze gently blowing on your body. Im gonna check those windows. Thats what I said. Thats not what I wanted to say. What I wanted to say was, Its the fucking air conditioning! You fell asleep, so I snuck up, and I turned the fucking air conditioning on cause I was melting! I weigh 50 pounds more than you! You could sleep with a sweater on. I could make it better. You know, I could do more. Our date nights suck, to be honest with you. The woman youre with, shes giving you everything. Her life, [in Mexican accent] her youth. Dedicated her life. Make it special. Women need that. You gotta make them feel special, you know? I fucked up again Christmas. Im gonna tell you this story. I waited till the end of the night, the end of the night. Thats not good, guys. My wifes already in bed. Shes in bed, in bed, about to fall asleep. And thats when I decided to get romantic. Thats when I decided to sneak in the bed, going, [in deeper voice] Honey… [audience laughing] Yes, its you. It is you. Okay, it is you. Yes. Good, good, good. Got that part. Honey, Merry Christmas. You wanna fool around? Its Christmas. Merry Christmas. No. But its Christmas. I dont care. You dont have to do much. [speaking Spanish] Gracias por la oferta. No, gracias. What does that mean? Thank you for the offer. No, thank you. But thank you. Thank you. Please. [audience laughing] [in Mexican accent] Let me tell you about my day, okay? While you were still sleeping, I got up and I finished wrapping the presents for the girls. And then, while you were on your fucking phone, I got the girls dressed for the party. And when you were still on your fucking phone, I prepared and cooked for the party. And while we were opening up the presents, and you were pretending to video tape but still secretly on your fucking phone. We opened up the presents, then we played. And then after, I gave them a nice bath read them a story, and had them go to sleep. And then… I took a shower. And now Im ready to go to sleep. And now, after all that, you expect me to be excited to have sex with you, so I have to take another fucking shower? [audience laughing] Gracias. No, gracias. [soft piano continues playing] It couldve been over by now. [audience roars with laughter] Seriously, couldve easily been over. I mean, seriously. [chuckling] Before the whole part about, like, shower, I wouldve been over by that part. I swear, we didnt have to, like… No. Its tu problema, no mi problema. Its tu problema. Huh? No mi problema. Tu problema. Eh, eh, eh. Eh. Uh-eh. [audience laughing] So, Ill be honest. Um… I was, um… a little high. But it… it was medical. Ow-huh! Ow! Ow! It was medical. I needed it. [smacks lips] But, uh… I didnt have any pants on. -I should probably tell you that as well. -[audience laughing] And I went downstairs to the refrigerator and, uh… opened up the refrigerator, saw a half-eaten pumpkin pie from earlier in there. Saw a can of whipped cream right there. Now, uh… never done this before or since. I just took the whipped cream and went, huff, huff, huff, huff, huff, huff. -Psssh! [audience laughing] Psssh! Psssh! Psssh! An hour before, I took one of those blue pills. Psssh! Psssh! Psssh! Psssh! Psssh! Psssh! -[audience laughing] -[chuckling] I didnt know where this was gonna go, I looked in the refrigerator and saw… some coconut flakes in there. Like, Oh, yeah. [audience laughing] Yeah. Huff, huff, huff, huff, huff. And they stayed on pretty good. Not all of them, but enough of them, you know. And I was like… Theres gotta be some chocolate chips in this motherfucker. Theres gotta be. Theres always chocolate chips. And there was chocolate chips, right in there, right in there! I took the chocolate chips, and I put those on. The big ones fell off, but the little ones stayed on. The little ones. Thats the key to the whole thing, little ones. And I said, If theres some caramel in this refrigerator, Im gonna blow my fucking brains out. Thats it. Thats it And there was caramel in there! There was caramel! I took the caramel, and I said– I go, Robbie! Robinator! Roberino! -Robbie! Robster! -[woman whooing] -Robbie! -[audience clapping] And who comes around the corner? My wife. [audience laughing] All right. I guess Ill have to try some of that. [audience roars with laughter] Make your own! [audience howls] [audience whooing] Thank you guys so much. I really appreciate it. Thank you. [audience cheering] Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, I have a treat for you, but more, really, a treat for me. The one and only, my daughter, Elle King. [audience cheering, clapping] Thank you. I just wanted to tell you that I used to be Rob Schneider, and now Im Elle Kings dad. And, uh… I love you. Weve never sung together publicly, and I thought maybe tonight would be a nice night to try it. Okay. [audience cheering] This is his one. [laughing] Ill take it. [man] You can do it! Its a carol. [soft piano playing] ? A candy-colored clown They call the sandman ? ? Tiptoes to my room every night ? ? Just to sprinkle stardust ? ? And to whisper ? ? Go to sleep ? ? Everything is all right ? ? I close my eyes ? ? And drift away ? ? Into a magic night ? ? I softly say ? ? A silent prayer ? ? Like dreamers do ? ? And then I fall asleep ? ? To dream sweet dreams of you ? ? In dreams ? ? I walk ? ? With you ? ? In dreams ? ? I talk ? ? To you ? ? Just before ? ? The dawn ? ? I awake ? ? To find you gone ? ? I cant help it ? ? I cant help it ? ? If I cry ? ? I remember ? ? That you said goodbye ? ? Its too bad ? ? That all these things ? ? Can only happen ? ? In my dreams ? All you, baby. ? Only ? ? In dreams ? ? In beautiful ? ? Dreams ? [audience cheering] [Rob] Youre beautiful. Thank you. [audience cheering continues] [upbeat music playing] ? You can do it! ? ? All night long! ? [audience cheering] You wanna say hi? Hi! [audience cheering] Hi. My name is… [audience laughing] Okay. Im gonna… Hi, everyone. [audience cheering] Thank you so much for coming. This is my family. I love you. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. We love you. Thank you so much. [audience cheering continues]

SAM JAY@3 IN THE MORNING@2020@Holy shit. What the fuck is up, Atlanta? This shit is fuckin amazing, man. Wow. This shit really hit me today. I was– I was walking to the venue and, you know, all the emotions. Like, this is my fucking special. Im here, Im doing the shit that I set out to do this whole fuckin time. You know? I was walking down, and I was– I was coming… through the alleyway, and I was like, This is really some full-circle shit. ‘Cause the last dude I fucked… I met at a bar right over there. The last dick I took, I met right over there. Yeah! Crazy! That was the last dick I sucked. Whoa! Every time I think about it, my minds blown. Like, bitch, you was sucking dicks. I dont like dicks at all! Like, I know that for a fact. I dont like dicks. I dont even like wearing em when bitches ask me to. I dont like dicks. And I was suckin whole dicks, just putting em in my mouth. The shit well do to fit in, you know? I just wanted to be friends with my friends! I just wanted to be able to talk to my peer group. Like, Yeah, girl, the balls are salty like that. The balls be salty as fuck. I know, girl. Its crazy how salty the balls are. Suckin whole dicks… Nutty! Never was good at it, either. D-minus dick-sucker. D-minus. Never won the dick-suck game. I had some nights– I had some Jordan flu game. Tonights the night I ball! You know, just go-hard nights. I have to say that disclaimer cause Ill be like, Im a bad dick-sucker, and somebody in the crowdll be like, She sucked the shit out my dick! Ill be like, Oh, God dammit! I did. That night, I did. I did… do the fuckin job. Shit is wild, man. Im with my girl. I travel everywhere with my girl, which is stupid. I bring my girl everywhere cause I love her, but also, uh, fuck her. You know, its annoying. Like, Im in love, Im in love. This is a woman Ive chased. Im in love. Ive chased this woman for years. But also, like, Oh, shut the fuck up and go away. Like, we shouldnt be taking trips together. I realized that thats where Im fucking up. We should be going on trips, but on separate trips. Like, she goes to Hawaii, I go to London, then we switch. You know what I mean? I go to Hawaii, she goes to London. So we see the same shit so we can talk about it later. Well have a dialogue, but we dont actually have to be in the same fuckin space. ‘Cause that seems to be creating the problems. Recently, I went home, back to Boston. Thats where Im from. Im a Boston kid, you know? But I also dont go back often because my whole familys there. Like, all of them. I love em, but its a lot. Know what I mean? So I try to avoid it. But I was like, My girl needs to meet my people. Im goin home. I take my girl, I go back home. It was nice at first. She met my favorite uncle. Hes my favorite cause every time I see him, he asks if Im still gay. Which is nice. Every time I see him, hes like, Hey, you still messin with the ladies? Like, one day, I was like, Nah, Unc, back suckin these dicks! Back on these dicks, partner. Thats what… Puttin my mouth on balls again, baby. Thats… how I like to live. But it was dope. It was nice for my girl to just see… where the fuck I come from, you know? You always want that with your partner. Just see how I grew up. See the people that raised me. Just get to know me a little bit better. And all of that felt really good. We was havin a great time. I took her out, she met my friends from high school. Lot of my homegirls, they were telling her stories about how I used to have my titties out and shit, you know? Just lettin her know who I used to be. Everything was chill. Everything was comfortable. It felt great. But it got awkward cause I bumped into the dude I lost my virginity to. – Oh, shit! – It was weird, as we look the same now. Like, same outfit, same haircut. Whats up, nigga? What the fuck you… Whats good with you, cuz? Fuck you want? I saw him before he saw me. I was like, Shit, I sucked his dick. You know, like, I was… Oh, my God! Because, for a dyke, when you see old dicks you sucked, theyre like hauntings, you know? Its just like, Remember you used to do this? Like, Oh, my God. Please dont come this fuckin way. I was like, God, I sucked his dick. Whats he gonna do? He seen me. At first, he was cool. He gave me the you know you sucked my dick head nod, kept it moving. He was just like, You know what you did. I know, I know, I know. Weird, though, weird to be around my girl, trying to be the best man Im gonna be and then seeing a dick I sucked. I was like, I dont like this at all. Then he said the dumbest thing to me. Were standing across from each other, he went, I just need to say this. I just hope Im not the reason… youre like this. Like, nigga, what? You think your 15-year-old dick swayed me in any direction? We were fucking kids, man. We couldve been humpin mattresses, you know? Hell, no! Just sometimes, people be gay and dont know it. Its possible. I was a whole gay bitch, didnt know. People knew before me. I came out, some of my old friends was like, Duh, bitch! I was like, Really? Really? You knew this whole time? ‘Cause this whole time, I was for sure thinkin I liked dick. I did. I did! I knew I wasnt enjoying sex. My homegirls would talk about sex. I was like, I dont like it like they like it, but I didnt think I didnt like dick. I just thought, I aint found the right dick yet. Theyd be like, When you feel it in your stomach… I was like, Ooh, thats my least favorite part, when you… When it hit the stomach, you know its really there. You cant– I dont like that at all. But I didnt think I didnt like dick. I just thought, you know, Keep suckin these dicks. Concentrate. Work harder. Focus on the dicks youre suckin. Visualize. Youll fucking get there. Thats why representation matters, man. It does. It matters. You need to see yourself in the fuckin world. Like, I didnt realize you could be black and gay and, like, fly and shit. Like, Im from Boston, bro. We didnt have black dykes. We didnt have black dykes. We had white dykes. They drove Subarus and had long armpit hair. And I was like, No. I was like, No, thats not what I am. Im not that. I dont do that. Im not with that. We had one black dyke, and that bitch was on crack. And I was like, If thats what dyking leads to, thats not a life for me. I need to focus on these dicks. Concentrate. Concentrate and work hard and make somethin of myself. You honestly couldnt be black and gay outside of Atlanta until 2012. It just didnt exist anywhere else in the world. So I didnt know, you know? I was like, Nah, man, Im just… into licking these dicks and balls. Not at all. And then I ate a pussy, and I was like, bitch! The world opened the fuck up. I was like, Oh, this is what everyone said when they said they like it. I never understood the liking it part. I was like, Sex is just a job. You dont like it, you just do it. And then, fuck it. But, no, you can like it. Like, now I eat pussy, Im like, This is it, Im a winner. Now Im winning. I feel in control. I know what the fuck Im doing. This is where I was supposed to be. In the pussy. Now Im in love, so Im only in one pussy, and thats weird. Its weird cause I know its the only pussy Im gonna be in forever. Its not always great, right? When you fuck the same person forever, you know, theres downsides to that. Theres highs and lows. Cause now, weve been fucking since, I dont know, we was 22? Im 30-something, so its like, I dont care about this pussy anymore. Like, I love her, but the pussy, I dont give a fuck. It could come, it could go, it could not be there. But Im tryin to do it. I am. Im like, Im in love. Thats why I bring her everywhere. Thats why we travel and shit. We just went to Europe recently. Three weeks in Europe. Big fuckin mistake. Three weeks. Mm-mm-mm. Too long. Shouldnt have done it. It was fucked up before we even left New York. Before we got out our apartment, it was problematic. It started with the packing. Everything broke down with the fuckin packing. Everything was goin good. We was packing, she was packing, I was packin, everything felt respectable. But then she started packin a third bag. And that really confused me, cause she only has two arms. So I was like, How you packin three bags with two arms, baby girl? You dont got enough arms for the bags you packin. What a presumptuous, bold fuckin move, to pack bags you dont got fuckin arms for! Whos supposed to be in charge of these fuckin bags? Whos gonna be the boss, bitch? I dont understand. Then we got to an airport and it caused a fight because she forgets Im not a man, Im not a fucking man. Im not. So I dont have any chivalry. I dont give a fuck! I dont give a fuck! I dont give a fuck. I am a whole bitch. I have no chivalry in me. Are you crazy? So its not like I saw her struggling with the bags and was like, I cant let my baby struggle! I gotta get these bags! Fuck, no! I was just like, Stupid bitch! Bring less bags. Dumb motherfucker. That was dumb as all hell. Bringin bags you aint got enough arms for. Who the fuck does that? You see, I got bags for arms, baby girl. Thats how I goddamn roll. Hells wrong with you? So shes strugglin, lookin stupid, and Im just watching like, Mm-mm-mm, you know? Mm. Then this dude comes and tries to save the day, cause thats what dudes like to do, you know? Especially when men see a masculine woman. Thats their favorite shit. They like to come, like, I got the real dick. You know? Filthy fucks. I got the real– Where you want– Where you need my dick to go? What bag my dick gotta pick up? What you want my dick— You need my dick over here? Shut up. This fucking clown come– I got the real– I got the real dick. And he jacks up the bag, and he looks at me, and hes like, Now what? Like, nigga, get mine too! You gettin bags, get all the bitches bags! The fuck you think? Im a lady. Carry my shit. Be a fuckin gentleman. It doesnt help that Im a nervous flier. Ill say that. I didnt help. Im a very nerve-racked flier. I hate fuckin flying. Im thinkin about dying the whole time. The entire trip, Im just like, Im fuckin dead up here, you know? I think if youre not thinkin about dying, youre a psychopath. I dont know anyone whos just up there, like, This is how God intended it. You know, what the fuck? Clearly, we have no business up there. Were watchin ESPN, were drinkin. Who the fuck do we think we are? So ballsy. Chill out. You know? This is delicate. Then we like to give the illusion of safety. In case of an emergency. bitch, were dead if theres an emerg– This motherfuckers in the exit row with his shoes off, drunk. Hes saving all of us? Hes the guy? Hes the point man? Fuck you! Fuck you! You dont give a shit about us. I watched you give this man drinks! Maybe dont serve drinks to the exit row nigga s. Of all the nigga s! Maybe they have to be sober. You want me to feel safe in the skies… Kiss my ass! I think about death in a weird– I dont think like how most– I think most people think some regular-ass shit. Right? They think, like, I dont know, What if the pilot takes us into a mountain today cause he hates his fuckin life? Or, What if the engine fails? Thats normal thoughts. I think crazy, crazy shit. I think, like, what if the company that makes the chemical that makes the doo-doo block… Okay, so when youre on a plane and you shit or you piss, it dont just go to the birds, baby. Right? You dont just flush it, its in the sky. No, it stays on the fuckin plane. Like a camper. And theres a chemical in there, and it makes a gelatinous mess, and when you land, they suck that shit out, they put a new chemical in for your next flight. I be thinking, what if the doo-doo block company, right, the chemical company… What if they skimp on a chemical? Just on some American greed shit. American companies are trash. Theyre always doin this type of fuckin shit, cuttin corners. We know this, cuttin corners, doin funny shit. What if one of these fuckin companies, like, Know what? Were not buyin boric acid this month. We dont fuckin need boric acid. Its $30,000 a unit and it really doesnt do anything. Then Im in the sky, I take a shit, the planes half a pound heavier, boom, into a mountain. Fuckin dead. Thats what the hell goes on in my brain. Shit that cant be cured with no safety video. You know? Fuck are you– So Im nervous. Im on edge. As soon as I get on the plane, Im on edge, Im on it. Im makin sure everyones phones on airplane mode. ‘Cause thats everybodys job. Im just, like, Look at him. Why this nigga on Candy Crush like that? Whos gonna do somethin about that? Thats weird. I dont like any of this. Then I sit down, and I notice my girl still fuckin around on her phone. She aint fuckin changed her shit yet. She playin games and shit. So Im like, Hey, baby, when you gonna do it? The guy said do it. I think you should go ahead and do it. And she snaps at me cause shes still mad over the bag shit. So shes like, You aint gotta do it till the plane takes off! And its like, bitch, you dont build planes! You dont. Youre not a plane scientist or no shit like that. You do it when the nigga drivin the plane says its time to do it! Thats the opportune time. And that caused another fight, cause I hit the button on that bitch. I was like, Bing, get her the fuck outta here. Mm-mm-mm-mm. Im not goin in the sky with this bitch, she actin up on the ground. How the fuck we gonna go in the sky? You not followin the ground rules, baby girl! That dont add up. So then, Im in my seat and shit, right, and now we fightin. We tryin to whisper-fight like white people. You know, tryin to get a good whisper-fight in. We… pss-pss-pss-pss. Pffft! You know? That goofy, goofy stuff. And her main thing is, like, she likes to fuck with me. Like, she likes to, like, say shit to me like shes reminding me Im a woman. Like I dont… I fuckin know that, you know? But she likes to– ‘Cause of my outfits and shit. Know what I mean? ‘Cause of how I dress. Shes like… Ima break you down, remind you you a whole bitch. I was like, bitch, I got a pad in these boxer briefs. I know whats happenin. I dont need this energy from you. Goofy ass. So were sittin in the seat, and were arguin, and then shes like, What the fuck are you so afraid of, you scaredy bitch? Are you on your period? And I was like, Waaaah! Huh! I got so fuckin mad! Balled up my fist real tight like I was about to punch the seat in front of me. Like I was just gonna act, you know? But the last time I did that, we were at the house. I balled my fist up and punched the wall, and then I just hurt my hand real bad. Nothin happened. So I was like, Let me chill. So I was just like, Aaah! What to do? Aaaah! And then I just told the truth. I was like, Im afraid to die! I yelled that on a plane. Just put it out there, you know? Just fuckin be honest. But as soon as I said it, I realized its not true. I think I needed to hear it out loud. I was like, Thats not it. Im not afraid to die. Actually, death is inevitable, I know its gonna happen. Im not afraid to die. I realized in that moment what Im afraid of is surviving. I dont wanna survive a plane crash. I think about bein that one asshole floatin on a piece of wing… in the middle of the ocean way more than I think about death. Just… On some Life Of Pi shit. Just live, nigga. No! Thats trash. No! I dont wanna survive shit. You dont come out of nothing you survive clean. It dont matter. If someone says, Im a survivor, theyre fucked up a bit. They aint clean. Its fucked up. I survive a plane crash, now my arms lopsided like this forever. Forever, I just gotta be like this when I talk to people. Thats trash. My fingertips dont work right no more, so I cant grip shit. I cant pick nothin up, forever. I cant grip with it, I cant grab shit. I lose my legs, and now I gotta be the no-legs comic. I gotta roll up here with no legs. I used to have legs, but they gone. Yall heard about the crash. Dont worry about me. Bullshit! Fuck that. No! Or I float on a deserted island, and then its just like, Fight for your life! Like, everythings intact, and its just like, Get it in! ‘Cause thats the problem with survival. Survival begs the question, Do you have the will to live? And the answer is no. I already know that. I dont give a fuck about life enough to fight for it, for real. Like, every time I watch Cast Away, Im like, nigga, just be dead! What the fuck are you doin? Lay on the beach and let the waves take you, dawg. This is ridiculous! Walking Dead? Once my phones dead, bro, Im dead. Where am I goin without a GPS? I dont know how to use a compass. Im not white. White people still… I dont know. Like, yall preparin for some shit but yall wont tell us what it is. Yall move so weird, man. Yall actions are weird! Yall gettin ready. And the worlds endin. Everythings burnin, we get it, and yall preparin. Just tell us. Tell us whats happenin! Stop keepin this shit to yourself. They do weird shit. They just get lost in the woods for no– Lets just follow the North Star out. bitch, why? Doing Tough Mudders and shit, just runnin through the mud. Just runnin– Why? But when you think about it, when mudslides hit, them nigga s gonna be movin, doof, doof, doof! nigga s, on the other hand, were fucked. We prepare for nothin. We have no plan for the end of the world, and its clear its happenin. All were gonna do is meet in Atlanta. Thats nigga s‘ plan. Just meet in Atlanta. Just gonna be a bunch of nigga s in front of a Waffle House, like, Well, I assumed– I assumed this was the spot, and then… and then wed talk about whats next. Thought wed get together first. What I wanna know is, whos cookin? Whos doin the cookin this whole time? Jesus! Theyre gettin ready, for real. Watch these motherfuckers. They move funny! All their actions are in preparedness, but we dont know for what, right? Like, I was watching Naked And Afraid for the first time last week. Why the fuck are you doin that shit, white people? You just wanna know you can live naked and scared? nigga, both? Why both? Both together, not even separate? Thats crazy! Bunch of white dudes died climbin the Himalayas. What the fuck you goin up there for? Everything you need down here! You just wanna know you can sleep with less air? Where the air goin? nigga, the air runnin out? We losin air? Tell us! Why yall keepin this shit to yourselves? Put everybody on, goddamn. I saw a bunch of white people checkin their restin heart rate the other day. Bitch, we about to have to run? Where we going? Bitch, where we going? Why are you just checkin that shit? What do yall know that I dont know? I dont like that. This nigga Elon Musk be goin to space by hisself. What the fuck is that white man doin in space alone? Thats not suspicious to anybody but me? That this motherfucker goes to space without the government, without NASA? Which I didnt even know you could fuckin do! As far as I knew, they were the space nigga s. They run space! You wanna fuck with space, you gotta fuck with them. This motherfucker built a spaceship like its a go-kart, goes on Tuesdays. bitch, space day is Saturday! Everybody know that! You cant leave midweek to go to goddamn space! Its an event. It happens Saturday, the TVs on. This nigga be goin Wednesday night. What? From Sacramento, at that. bitch, space place is Cape Canaveral. Thats where you go from. Aint no entry point to Mars from fuckin Sacramento. And when youre goin to space, you at least tell the people. Its a PSA. Get on the goddamn news, say, Hey, people, Im about to fuck around in space. Dont be alarmed. This nigga just went. We thought it was aliens. Is it aliens? No, just Elon doin donuts in the sky. What the fuck is this? Whoo! White man ambition is some shit. You wanna know where the racism is? Thats where the fuck it is, white men. I know yall still confused. Look at him. What are you talkin about? Fuckin confused. ‘Cause they dont get– Everyone learns the history. So youre like, No ones gettin hung, and we aint beatin nobody. I work next to a black guy, and he has a car, so… equality. Just lay the fuck down, rest easy, cause everythings fair. Fuckin nut job! Everythings not fair! ‘Cause while youre sleepin, youre dreamin about buyin Mars, nigga! Ive never thought I could do no shit like that a day in my life. I thought about havin all the money. I thought, If I get all the money, Im gonna buy them gold ceilings Master P had in Cribs. Thats what the fuck Ima do when I get all the goddamn money. Space by my goddamn self, bitch? Never! Even if I thought about goin to space, Id call NASA first. Yo, NASA, this Sam. Can I go? You know what? It is Tuesday. Space day is Saturday. So we land in London… We land in London, and we decided not to fight anymore, cause I think thats how couples traveling work, right? You get to the place youre supposed to be, youre like, We can fight where we pay rent. Lets just try to fuckin be friends. Weve never seen any of this shit before. Lets just try to be cool, right? So we get to London. Were in London, what are we gonna do? Which is new shit for me, cause Im a grown-up, and now I go out in the daytime. I used to be able to travel like this. Lets sleep all day and get fucked up all night. I wanna see this city high and drunk, you know? But now Im an old bitch, Im like, I wanna see architecture. I wanna know how… how they built the buildings. We get to London, Im like, We still got some time, lets go to a fuckin museum. My girls like, Hell, yeah. Lets go. ‘Cause we old bitches, and old bitches like the museum. But were not that old, so we took mushrooms first, cause, yeah… Fuckin turn the museum up. So we take these shrooms… and were like, Lets get out, lets do it. We go to the British Museum. Thats the biggest fuckin museum in London, in the city. We go to the British Museum. Its huge. I was overwhelmed. I was high as shit. I walked in, I was like, Holy shit. ‘Cause it was wing after wing after wing of stuff, and it blew my mind cause I was like, Wow, white people stole all this shit! Stole so much shit! All this shit is stolen. Thats crazy! It was like, Wow! They stole everything in this motherfucker! The audacity! I think thats the real word to describe white people. Its not racist. Audacious! The fuckin audacity! ‘Cause everyone steals. Im not saying youre the only one that steals. Everybody steals. nigga s steal, black people steal, but when we steal, we spread the shit out. ‘Cause were afraid. Were like, They might come at any moment. Try to get back some of this shit. So put some at Joes, put some over here… Not the white man. Put it all in one building. Erect a fortress for it. And, yes, charge them $20 to see it. Their own shit. And if one of em touches it, shoot em. Jesus! But they got all the culture. Another thing that fucked me up when I was London. I was like, These motherfuckers got all the culture. We dont have shit. Were trash. We have no culture in America. We think we do. Well go see the Liberty Bell. Thats garbage. Its trash. Its trash. Its all just young, ignorant– We dont have good– They have Rembrandts, they got Shake– They got the fucking culture, you know? And as Americans, we just fiend out for their culture. We just be goin over there, Let me get some of your culture. Let me borrow a Rembrandt for two million for one month, cause my kids need some art, you know? They got all the shit. I was with my girl, we went into this one room, we went to the Egypt side. We went into this one room, there was six mummies in one room. Fuckin blew my mind. I was like, Babe, look, six mummies in here. She got all attitudey. She was like, Why you actin like that? Why you actin like you never been nowhere? She thought I was being one of those people that go to another country and act like its so much better than America. Which is annoying, you know? Go somewhere, people are like, Flowers in America dont look like this. Like, shut the fuck up. Thats irritating. She thought I was doing that. She was like, Whats the big deal? You seen a mummy before. And I was like, Yeah, bitch, one! I aint never seen six together in one room! Thats how they do us in America, cause we borrowin the culture. In America, we get one mummy. Every three summers! And we work that nigga like Joe Jackson worked the Jackson 5. Listen up, Mummy! Tomorrow, Memphis. Schenectady! Take your ass down to Ohio. We left the museum. We was like, Lets get a cab. I was like, Fuck it, lets Uber. Lets see what the London Uber shit is like. Like it was gonna be less rapey or somethin. Like, Maybe its not as rapey, or maybe its rapey with, like, a tip of the hat or somethin. Just somethin different, you know? So we get an Uber, and I– I will say this– I didnt like, also, being overseas… ‘Cause… I just feel like people are ballsy now cause of who the president is, how, like, our country is, like, so people feel like they can just talk shit to you, you know? You go to a foreign country, people are like, Huh, you know? Think they can take fucking shots cause they think our countrys in despair. So I get in the Uber, and as soon as he hears my accent, the motherfucker goes off. Hes like, Ugh, America, ugh, eurgh… Eurgh! Trump! Bleurgh! When are you guys gonna do– Like, nigga, Theresa May, Hitler. Suck my dick. Yeah! Like you dont have your fuckin problems. Lick my balls. Get out of here. I dont get defensive. I think a lot of people get fuckin defensive, you know? Especially liberals. Liberals like to defend America. Dont judge us by the president. We are such a better country than the president. No the fuck were not! If we were, he wouldnt be the fucking president. Thats not how shit works. Were better than Trump? Were a country of Golden Corral buffets. Who the fuck do be think we are? Trash! Were trash. Troughs of macaroni, 9.99 prime rib. Thats our shit. Garbage shit. Dollar burgers from fast-food restaurants, then we complain when them shits gives us cancer. Hey! This 99-cent meat almost killed me! Duh, bitch! How the fuck you think you get 99-cent meat? You stretch it out with a little bit of cancer! Theres only one way to make this shit! How else do you think we achieve this fuckin goal? You… dummy. Plus, I dont know… Trumps our first nigga president. Thats gotta matter. In the history and shit. Im talking about history-wise. Im not talkin about right now. Im talking about when we look back at the world. Oh, we in the history books. Pfft, pfft. Were gonna see Barack. Well be like, Oh, good black man. Theres Trump, a whole nigga. First time we ever had a nigga in the White House, and the first nigga is white. That gotta mean somethin. He aint ever been a president. Thats why Democrats cant beat him. They know how to deal with presidents. Not how to deal with nigga s. This is all back-of-the-bus energy. They dont know what the fuck to do with that. Every decision is a nigga decision. He aint never been presidential. He just let 11 of his friends outta jail for no reason. Everything yall thought the black one was gonna do. If you white and voted for him, everything you thought the black– He was just like, Let em out. Why? ‘Cause I like em. They my friends. Let em out. He killed an Iranian general. He killed a general of another country that we have consistently had problems with. Killed this man, and first of all, I didnt even know we was mad at them at the moment. Had no idea. Thats how you know that was some personal nigga shit. That was beef. He was like, If you see the nigga slidin, hit my jack. I dont like that motherfucker. You catch him dipping, hit my jack, hit my jack. I got somethin for his ass. Confused Iran so much, they put 80 mil on his head. They didnt know what to do. Thats not how diplomat– Just, 80 mil on the nigga head. Like it was a WorldStar beef. Put 80 mil on his head, 20 mil for the chain. I dont whats happenin in the world anymore. And when a president makes a move like that, the president kills the leader of another country, the president gets on the news. Matter of fact, every channel becomes the fucking news. You turn on any channel, its the president, from the Oval, and hes like, Hey, man, some heinous shit went down. But Im the president, and I had to protect yall. And I do whats right, and I stand for whats right, so you dont ever have to worry about it cause I got your back. President out. Americas the best. Thats what the president does. A nigga gets on Twitter… …tweets the American flag like its a Crip bandana… and is like, Whats cracking? I dont like the nigga. What are you… Whos confused? From the top of his presidency, hes been on this shit. Very early, we brought him a serious prob– Were like, Hey, Mr. President, kids are bringing guns to schools. Theyre shootin up schools. What do we do? He was like, Get the teachers guns, then. nigga s bustin at you, bust back. Thats what– thats what I always say. Thats how you handle shit in the projects. Plus, I dont know, me and my girls dynamic is all fucked up, still. Like, we gotta work out all our shit. Like, right now, we not celebratin holidays. We canceled all the holidays. I dont fuck with none of them. Valentines Day, Christmas… Only thing we do is birthdays. I dont do shit else. She thinks Im being mean. Im like, No, well celebrate the holidays again when you get a job. Right now, shes not workin, right? And when I met my girl, she all the– Like, Its not like my girl dont get her shit off, but right now, she just in a transition, she not working. And when I met her, I didnt make any money. I was broke. She made a lot of money. But now, its the opposite. I make a lotta, lotta money and she makes, like, zero money. So, no, we not doin holidays. What the fuck am I gonna do a holiday with you for? Its not fair. Its not equal. Were not having equal transactions, like two adults should. Right? Its not like I buy her a Louis bag, she buys me some Gucci shoes. Holiday? No. I buy her a Louis bag and then she gives me a coupon for a back rub like shes seven fucking years old. I gotta look in her eyes, act like this is a respectable fucking gift cause shes put me on the spot! This is from my heart, and I mean it. bitch, I dont want a back rub from you! You dont even know how to back rub right! So, no. No holidays. I dont want to bring a kid into this. Now I gotta pay for her, pay for you, do all this shit, protect you both cause she thinks that too, cause shes crazy. You know, I get that Im wearin the outfit, but, nigga, I cant fight. Chill! These fuckin underwears dont give me superpowers, honey. The other day, I was in the shower, she went to the store and she didnt lock the fuckin door. Thats how I know she thinks I can handle everything. Thats crazy… to leave a woman in the shower, titties soaped up. Get what Im saying? Im in the shower, my titties are soapy. I got soapy titties in this shower. And my shit‘s perky. They sit… I pop these shits out the bra, they only go to here. They good. These is good titties. Not a lot of wear and tear cause I dont take a lot of dick, so they not bouncin around. Solid titties. You understand what Im sayin? Up here. On point. So I get out the shower, I check the door, the shit is unlocked. I was livid! Livid. I was like, Yo, thats fucked up. How dare you dont lock the door. She was like, How did you even know it was unlocked? Like, bitch, cause Im a bitch, and I checked. Im petty, bitch. What are you talkin about? The first thing I did, hit that lock, see what you was on. And figured out you on bullshit! She was like, I dont get the big deal. I was like, The big deal is whenever youre in the house and I leave the house, I lock up the house, cause thats the rules of pussy. Pussy in the house, lock it up. Everybody know that. Everyones been taught that. Pussy inside, lock the pussy inside. You dont leave it loose, willy-nilly, for anything to fuckin happen! She left me ass-naked in the shower as if the rapist was gonna come in and be like, Nah, she got a fade. I aint gonna do it. What I dont do is take fade pussy. Thats off the menu. I take all types of ass, but not the one thats faded. Jesus Christ! The other night, we were in bed, we both heard somethin. I said, Babe, did you hear that? Shes like, Yeah, go check. bitch, why me? If theres a whole nigga in here, we both need to go check. Its gonna take two of us to get him the fuck outta here. What are you talkin about? We both might end up suckin this dudes dick at the end of the day. And, bitch, youre on the balls, cause I pay the rent. Im not suckin balls and payin rent, baby girl. Im all tip then shaft. Them balls are yours. Oh, shit! Then we gotta have that goofy shit over cereal. We did what we had to do. Lets not talk about the shit. But, babe, you was really suckin them balls. Goin down! Whew! Plus, I dont know, fucking kids suck nowadays, you know? I dont wanna bring a kid into this– Every kid now, theyre shitty. Theyre all too smart. Shut up. Theyve all got all these wild fuckin opinions about the world, know who they are at two and shit. I dont want– I dont got the energy for that. I want a dumbass kid. I want a 90s baby. Put some fucking play dough in your ear and just stare at the TV. Dont want an astute fucking– I do want a weird one. I do want a little weird one, though. I did think that. I want a little Jaden Smith. I want a little weird fucker. I do. I just want a kid, I dont know what hes on. Like, one day, hes a ninja, the next day, hes gay. The next day, hes into polygamy. Im like, Yeah, fuck that, do it all! I want a little– Mm! I hate when black people dont fuck with Jaden Smith. I love what… I see that as progress. Im like, Its so great. Like, when– Especially hyper-masculine dudes, What they doin to that kid? They raisin that kid all weird! Its like, Yeah, thats dope! We need a weird one. Finally, we got a weird black kid. Thats amazing. Like, every time I see Jaden Smith, I feel like one of those slaves in Django when he rode by on that horse. Im like, Look at this magical nigga! Just doin whatever he wants. This motherfucker is dressed like Batman with no shoes on, singin about the stars, kissin white women in the mouth. Thats Martin Luther Kings dream! Lets celebrate that shit. Thats amazing. I want a little weird one. I just dont want one of these super-smart ones that knows everything. Like, I dont want a little Greta Thunberg baby. I dont. I hate that little bitch. I hate that little fuckin girl, and I hate that you cant say you hate the little fuckin girl cause she autistic or whatever. Thats so stupid. Thats so stupid. I dont hate the girl cause shes autistic. Im not a fuckin savage. I hate her cause she annoying, and those are separate things. You can be autistic and annoying, bitch. I know plenty of autistic nigga s not annoying. They know a lot about Star Wars, they got facts I didnt have. Its dope. This little bitch? Ugh, shut up. Like, her parents gotta be exhausted. Like, Okay, bitch, we get it. Okay. Okay. Okay! I hate her attitude. I get the message, its the way shes presentin it thats fuckin trash. People wanna accept that and be real about that. Its like, tell the truth. Her presentation sucks. Right? I would fuck with her more if her attitude was this. Everybodys fucked up. We all messed up the planet. And we all need to come together to fix this, cause we all did bad. But her message is, Adults, you fucked up. Adults, you left me a bad planet. Adults, you did wrong. bitch, the shit was fucked up for me too! What the fuck are you talkin about? I didnt walk onto a pristine Earth, bitch! This shit been bad– Matter of fact, when I was a kid, they told me California was gonna be gone by now, bitch. Be glad that shit‘s still here, motherfucker. Dummy. Theyve never given a fuck about the future. No one cares about the future. People care about their kids. Thats it. When I was seven, I went to Disney World on a plane full of cigarette smoke. Coughed the whole way. All they did was offer me Sprite. You want some Sprite, little nigga? Clear that cough up, or whatever you got goin on. Supposed to care about this bitch. Shut up! A lot of shit goin on. It would be weird to bring kids– Theres a lot of shit. I might have a kid, shes three, and she knows shes trans. Im not ready for that. I dont have the energy to talk to a trans three-year-old. Like, bitch, I dont know. What? What are you saying? I dont know. Just color with the other color, then, bitch. Go away. Just use blue, then. I dont fucking care! I dont wanna be stressed about this shit. Im not gonna act like I have the answers. I think thats the problem. We act like we have all the answers. Its like, no, you can be confused. I think sometimes, people– Even I have this, as a queer person. I sometimes take peoples confusion as an attack. Its like, no, they just dont fuckin know. I think also, sometimes, people be confused and be attacking. You know what I mean? Youre so confused until, like, It aint right! Both of those things are wrong, and somewhere in the middle is the right answer, which is no one knows what the fuck theyre talkin about. Theres a bunch of gray, and we dont have all the answers yet, cause the world is moving faster than fucking what were ready to think about. And its okay to be uncomfortable, its okay to be confused. Its not okay to say people shouldnt have the same rights as you. Thats whats not okay. But you can– You can be all the other shit, cause thats fucking human. Confusion is fucking reasonable. Therell be a lot of things we dont get and a lot of questions were gonna have. My homey called me the other day, and he was like, Hey, nigga, I got a question, and you should know the answer cause you gay. That kinda charged me up, Im not gonna lie. I was like, What? Im the gayest nigga you know. What the fuck is the question? I got all the gay facts, nigga. What? And he was like, What do you do when you see a trans bitch beatin up a regular bitch? And I was like, Mmm? That, I dont know. No, I dont have an answer for that. I know some of yall are gettin tight. I feel it. Yall gettin tight, like, What does she mean, regular… First of all, hes not gay, he just did it the best he could, you know? He called everyone bitches, so it was universal. Chill out. But we really dont have the answer to that. Thats somethin I didnt think about till he presented it. What are we gonna do when trans bitches start beatin up regular bitches? As a regular bitch, Im a tad bit concerned. Not gonna lie. I dont wanna be in a fight with one of these motherfuckers. Let them fight! No, get this nigga off me. This motherfucker is strong in ways I did not expect. Please help. Im not sayin trans women arent women. Im not one of those corny-ass– Trans women are women, shut the fuck up, but when one of those womens hands is big enough to palm a football… and shes cavin the other womans chest in, we gotta make some notes… maybe figure out a new approach, how were gonna work this shit out, to move on as a goddamn society. I hate women that dont embrace trans women. Thats corny. Theyre not real women. Shut up! Theyre real women. Theyre contourin, waxin all the shit. Theyre doin everything you do, goofy. Pluckin their chin hairs, you dumbass. Plus, what are you talkin about? Women who dont embrace trans women, what are you saying? Who do you think we are? We need these super bitches. Are you stupid? These are our X-Men. The world is about to change for us. Get fuckin excited. This is a goddamn blessing. What are you sayin? Lombardi Trophy, here we come! We bout to be NFL champions, baby! With these trans bitches on our team, its gonna be lit! You thought we was gonna get to a NFL championship without these bitches, youre stupid! Fuck, no, we wasnt. I was arguing with this lady. She was like, We could do it… regular cisgendered women… she could… Fuck you! No, they couldnt. No, they couldnt. Lets say, miraculously, we had some cisgender woman who gets all the way to the NFL. Shes never fucking been touched all her career, right? Shes some flat-chested phenom. Thats what shed have to be to cut through the wind so no one could get her, she couldnt have no titties. Shes flat-chested, and she just… bam, bam, bam, bam! Her whole career, wham! Oh, my God, they cant touch her! Bam! Why? ‘Cause she aerodynamic cause the titties gone. Wham! Lets say this happens in the fucking world. Shes gonna get to the NFL, shes gonna get tackled once, and the bitch is gonna die. Dead. We need a trans bitch, high-steppin, face-maskin. Gettin the fuck in. I cant wait. I cant wait to see it. She gonna be in her Fashion Nova dress, holdin the trophy over… Aaaaah! Lit. bitch lit. Triple D titties cause shes trans and confident. Titties out to here. You, maam, say you out– say you out for a night on the town with all your friends. One of your friends is a trans woman. You have the night of your life. Everyones pussy‘s sweaty when you leave the club. One of those nights. Everyone pussy sweat. Pussy sweat all around. Youve sweated your pussies out dancing. Youre like, This was the night. Youre standin in front of the club, some gross-ass dude comes up. Hes like, Ooh, look at you sexy bitches. I love every single one of you. I would love to put my dick on every single one of you sexy bitches butts. And youre like, What? How dare you talk to us like that? You dirty, nasty man. Dont you ever say anything like that to us again. Hes like, What? Youre just a woman. I could break your neck. And then that bitch come from the back, Boof! What the fuck you say? Lay that nigga out. Hes all confused. I felt dick in that punch. I didnt see no dicks, but Ive been hit by a dick before. Whoo! Theres also just too much to explain to a fucking kid. Im gonna have to raise my kid post-Me-Too. I gotta… walk em down this dumbass path, you know? I gotta be like, This is what happened, and it was crazy, but then white women went stupid. You know? I was all– I was Me Too-ed up. I was like, Get these nasty nigga s. Get em off the streets. They got their dicks on everybody. Get em outta here. I dont like none of that. Get em outta here. Get em outta here. Get em outta here. And then white women went crazy. I feel like it just stopped bein about, like, what was real. You know, like, theres a part– theres a two-level conversation. Yes. All these dudes in power were using their power to manipulate situations and be terrible to women, a hundred percent. But in all those situations, women had a choice. If we never speak to that choice, we are disempowering women. The most empowering thing is to know even in the dire straits, you have a choice. You can always choose, and sometimes choosing to say Fuck you – is the most illest choice you can make. – Yo! And if we dont pass that down to young women, then what the fuck are we saying? Its weird. So I had to stop– I was like, I cant be a part of this shit. This is goofy. I was done with it when it landed on Aziz Ansari. Thats when I was really like, Fuck this. When it got to Aziz, I said, I cant do this anymore. Really? And its not cause Im defendin Aziz. I wasnt there. Im not sayin he did or didnt. That has nothin to do with it. Theres not a woman in here who doesnt think she could beat that nigga‘s ass. Thats what Im sayin. That was goofy to me. The end of that blog shouldve been, Then I punched that dumb nigga in the face… and left his goddamn apartment. You aint even got to punch Aziz. Just buck at that nigga. Ugh, get the fuck out of here. Goofy! We gotta teach girls to fight. Im not taking a L off a 5'5" Indian nigga. 5'5" Indian nigga s, swing at them! Im not saying Indian nigga s are soft, but I aint never heard this statement. That Indian nigga beat my ass. I aint never heard that. So, Ima take my goddamn chances. I feel the same way about feminism. Its like, ugh! I wanna say Im a feminist, but white women… Yeah! Whoo! Yall make it so hard to get along with shit! ‘Cause white women act like theyre– like its a brand of feminism, and its theirs and thats the most dominant. They act like theyre about all women, but youre not. Youre only about white women. And thats fine. You cant be about all women, you havent taken the time to figure out all women need. You just know your white women needs and assume if we fix your shit, itll trickle down. Its like, no, bitch! And Im not mad at white women being agenda-driven. Be about your shit. Be about your shit. But dont mask it as a cause. Just be real. Be like a Jehovahs Witness. Come knockin on my door on a Sunday, like, Are you ready for white womens return? Well, I got somethin you should read. Whoo! Plus, if you want me to get behind feminism, start with somethin thats gonna galvanize women. Start with somethin thats really gonna change some shit. Start with teachin women how to pee standin up. – How come we not doin that shit yet? – Whoo! Its 2020! How come we still peein hobbled over like dogs and toddlers and shit? Fuckin grown women! We should be peeing upright like men. Know what? We can do it. And you know how I know? I fuckin did it. I got tired of this shit one day. I stood over the toilet, I spread my pussy lips, I perked my hole up, and that bitch went straight. And I was like, Holy shit! I couldve been doin this the whole fuckin time? – Whoo! – How did I not know this shit? Ill tell you why I didnt know. ‘Cause of how women are taught to pee. How were taught to pee is fucked up. Its trash. Especially in public. You know how were taught to pee? Pull the pussy out! Put it away! Get out the bathroom, the rapist is coming. Move, move, move! You aint got time to hang out in here, bitch. Go! Meanwhile, as soon as dudes see their dicks, theyre stretchin em, wrappin em around they leg, puttin them in they butt, seein how far they snap back, figurin shit out. Theres a grown woman in here. Grown as fuck, 35-plus, and every time she pee in public, a little pee go down her leg, and into her shoe. Grown! She just laughed back there. Grown! Piss in her shoe. Every time. Confused. Why does this keep happenin? Ill tell you why, goofy. ‘Cause you walk around all day, shit is movin around down there. Youre too scared to touch anything, you whip it out and piss, and now you got piss in your right shoe, you clown! Meanwhile, dudes have been standin upright for centuries, spellin their names in the snow! And youre walkin around with piss in your shoe, and you want equal fuckin pay. Shut up! Even when you go into the mens bathroom, its different, bro. They free in there. I go in there sometimes. I get away with it. They free in that motherfucker. They dont care. They got little games in the urinal, they be peein on ice and shit, movin it around. Fuckin around. Dicks out, talkin wage gap, changin the world. Even the stall where they shit, sometimes, it dont have a door. Theres no door on the stall. Why? Because they free. Theyre like, Shit happens back here, and if you dont wanna see shit, dont be in this goddamn corner. I dont need a door. Just dont come back here if you dont wanna look at nobody shittin, you fool. Meanwhile, in womens bathrooms, were hobbled in closets, you know what I mean? Cant even move around. I got tired of this shit one day. I cracked the door. I said, Im not takin this shit anymore. Its too tight in here. Im peeing with the door cracked. I cant take it. And then this woman walked in, she swung the door open. ‘Cause of course, she assumed the stall was free. That was natural. What was unnatural is she saw me, she screamed, as if we both dont have pussies and we both dont know what goes on in the bathroom, and she tried to jam the door closed. But I held that bitch open. I said, Mm-mm, baby girl. Dont do that. Make eye contact with me. This is the revolution right here. My girl talked about kids a lot… while we was traveling. That was pissing me off. ‘Cause we was just travelin, being free lesbians. We was just bumpin pussies. You know? Just bumpin pussies, not worried about none of the rules. She kept bringin this fucking corny heteronormative shit into my life. Dont you want kids? Kids? Wouldnt this be so much better if we were experiencing this with kids? bitch, no! No, it wouldnt be better. I dont want fucking kids. Shut up. Shut up. I dont know, maybe Ill do it, but not… Mm! Mm, I got a lot of nephews. Im all right. You know? I dont fucking… Plus, when I do have a kid, Ima buy a Asian baby. I already have a plan. Im buyin a dope-ass Asian baby. I already know what Im doin. Give this motherfucker a Mohawk. Take him dippin and trippin, you know? ‘Cause, like, kids cost money when you a fuckin gay person. When somethin costs money, you know what costs the most, and I need to stunt. I need to pull up with my Asian baby, hop out in that foreign– What up, nigga? Look at this. Take him to the park, shit on my frenemies, you know what I mean? I cant wait. I cant wait to wheel this little nigga round the park. Oh, hey, Karen, you adopted, too? Wheres your baby from? Honduras? Broke bitch! Get that broke-bitch baby outta here, Karen. This motherfucker right here? Hes from Thailand. Matter of fact, he might be a she. Take three months to figure that out, bitch. A fucking kid… Maybe Ill do it. I dont know. I probably will, cause she wants one, and who cares, right? Eventually, Just fuckin fine. Have one. Whatever. Plus, I dont know, you need em. They represent you when… You know. You make em so they can be like, That nigga was here. You know? You die, you hope your kids still alive to be like, They were a person. You know, just represent you. I will do– I dont know. I just think Ima be bad at the shit, you know? Nobodys good. Every parent sucks. If youre out here and youre parenting, youre trash. No one does it right. Everyone fucks their kids up. Everyone makes a fucked-up, fucked-up kid. Everyones doin a little bit to fuckin damage the child. ‘Cause you were damaged, so how could you not, how could you not pass on the damage that was given to you? Its just impossible. But you just keep enough of it. Like, I could really fuck you up, but Im only fucking you up a little, cause… theres a lot that could go wrong, cause Im really fucked up. And you cough what you can, but everybodys doin a shitty job. Everybody. The only way you know youre doing an all right job is if your kids never tell you you were shitty, cause then they loved you, and you raised compassionate kids. If your kids are never like, Hey, you fucked me up, but just like, You did a great job, then you just raised good kids, cause they dont wanna tell you the truth and hurt your feelings. If you got a kid whos 40, still like, I fuckin hate you! you did a terrible job. That, and if you lose one of them nigga s, then– then you really failed. I think about that all the time. I dont wanna be one of the ones that lose one of them nigga s, cause people be losin their kids… You lose one at a store, bitch, you suck. Shit! But I know Ill be bad. Ima be bad, cause no one– no one does this shit right. Everyone fucks it up a tad. No one trusts their parents. No one in here fully, a hundred percent trusted their parents, cause you seen your parents do fucked-up shit. Youve heard em have fucked-up arguments, you know? Youve seen their lives be in shambles when they thought they were keeping you from their lives being in shambles. They were trying to have those late-night conversations, which is, for a kid, like 10:30 at night. Thats when parents think its time to talk for real. ‘Cause theyre dumb. Its like, no ones asleep at 10:30, you idiot. Youre not asleep at 10:30. Everyones wide awake. Theyre like, Nows the time to talk about it. Get down to the bottom of shit. Everyones heard their parents yellin about some bullshit, like a $99 cable bill. How are we gonna pay this? Your mother sucks! What is my house? I cant trust anyone in this motherfucker. ‘Cause parents like to present it like they got everything together. Thats the problem. Dont lie. Stop coming like you got everything– Youre not good. Most of you start, 30 when you start. Im 38. If I had a kid at 30, that nigga would be dead. You dont know what youre doin. Be honest. Hey, I dont know what Im doin, but Ima try to keep you alive. Sometimes, Im not gonna be able to, so look out for yourself, little nigga. And lets– lets rock out. Lets see if we make it. Whoo! But, no, parents, I got everything under control. Fuck you. No, you dont. I remember I heard my mom and my dad tryin to have a fight about my dad usin crack. And my dad… My dad… My mom was tryin to whisper, you know? She was tryin to have a whisper-fight with the nigga, but you cant whisper to a crackhead. Theyre loud as fuck. So, my moms whisperin, and then my dad goes, Who seen me do the crack? Which means, nigga here did it. Now youre just tryin to identify witnesses. Are they credible? Are they not credible? But you fucking did it! Now Ima tell my mom about a problem? bitch, theres whole crack in the house. We got bigger issues! Stranger Things is a whole show about kids not trusting their parents. Like, if a Demogorgons after you, tell your mom! These little nigga s is like, All I got is these walkie-talkies and these bikes. Theyre my best friends. ‘Cause that bitch cant handle shit. I remember when I was 11, I thought I was gonna be abducted by aliens. I did. I was convinced, you know? I was like, Aliens are comin to get my ass. And its because, when I was 11, I grew up in the 90s. If you grew up in the 90s, you know aliens was a big thing. It was huge. It was big shit. It was. There was Outer Limits, there was X-Files, there was Unsolved Mysteries, and then every once in a while, the History Channel would just be like, Did they build the pyramids? And just fuck your head up on a Wednesday night. Just throw a whole curveball at your ass. What? They couldve built the pyramids? Crop circles. Were they here? Oh, my God! So I was fuckin stressed out. And I got in the shower one day, and I felt my leg pulsate a little bit. I was like, Thats the tracker. Thats where them nigga s is gon– Thats how theyre gonna get your girl. So I started doin karate in my room at night. Yah! Aah! Waah! Watchin Last Dragon and shit. Eeh! Eeh! Ugh! Started sleepin with a knife and a hammer under my pillow. Every night, sleeping with a knife and hammer under my pillow, ready for the action, you know? I was like, When they come, stab em, bash em, stab em, bash em. Then, one day, I go in my room. My moms sittin on my bed. Shes like, We need to talk. Im like, Whats up? And shes like, Whos hurtin you? I was like, What? Shes like, Tell me right now. Whos coming in here at night and doin something to you? I was like, What are you talkin about? Shes like, Look at me. I dont care if its your father, I dont care if its one of your brothers. You need to tell me right now, whos doing something to you? Which, what a mom, bro. Word! ‘Cause my mother showed me, I got your back, no matter fuckin what. Like, what a big move. ‘Cause what if it was one of my brothers or my father? Thats a crazy thing to have to hear as a mother, but she was ready to take that shit for me. She was like, Tell me. And I looked my mom in the eye, and I told her how I was gonna be abducted by aliens. Because Im a genius. And you could see in her eyes that a part of her wished I was bein molested. ‘Cause that wouldve been easier to process. And if you dont think that fucked me up a little bit… Hey, yall were dope as fuck. Have a good night.

JACK WHITEHALL@IM ONLY JOKING@2020@Look. Jack! Jack! Jack, can you sign this for me, please? Jack– – Oh! What? Whoa, whoa, whoa! Stand back. Whoa! Ladies and gentlemen, please go wild and crazy, and welcome to the stage Mr. Jack Whitehall! Hello, Wembley! Wow, it doesnt get any more prestigious than this. Im quite nervous. Im quite nervous. Ive got to be frank with you, I have a history of cocking up prestigious gigs. The most I have ever bombed on stage was when I was booked to do Prince Charles Christmas party. It was exactly as weird as it sounds. The first thing that was weird about this gig is that I walked out, Charles and Camilla were sat in the front row, in high-backed chairs. I was thinking: You are aware this is real life, not Game of Thrones? Also, dont sit in the front row. The front row as a comedian is the get-out-of-jail-free card. If the jokes arent working, you talk to the front row. You ask them what they do for a living. I cant ask Prince Charles what he does for a living. He is the most famous unemployed man on the planet. What do you do for a living? Just sort of sit around, wait for my parent to die. Me too. So I cant do the whats your job? crowd work, cause my front row is a couple on benefits. Im glad you laughed. Im not gonna lie, on the night, it did not go down well. Meghan was the only one laughing which, if anything, made it worse. The other weird thing about this gig is that they didnt give me a microphone, which is literally the only thing I need as a comedian. ‘Cause this is the only thing that gives me status over you. Without this, I am just… the crazy guy shouting on the high street! With this: Hi, Im here to talk to you about politics. Without it: Im here to talk to you about Jesus! No microphone, right? Theyre in the front row. Forty-five minutes, I had to do. Forty-five minutes of dancing around in front of the royal family like I was the court-fucking-jester. My final indignity occurred, though, after the gig. Now, as a comedian, you know when you have had a bad show. You do not need to be told it. You especially do not need to be bantered by the future King of England. I was introduced to Prince Charles. Do you know what the first thing was that he said to me? I think next year well try a magician. Cheeky fucker! Its fine, its fine. I hooked him up with my friends at Magic Mike. Camilla bloody loved them. Know your crowd.  The lesson that I learned that night. Its important as a comedian. Its hard when youre traveling. Ive been living in America. Do we have any Americans? Whoa, okay. Yes, theyre certainly American. Okay, please dont shoot. No… Applaud all you want. Sir… Sir, they can applaud. Im still trying to break America. There is absolutely no way that comment is ending up in the special. Over my dead body. Figure of speech. I come in peace. I love America. Its an amazing place. And do you know what Ive come to realize? Americans, you basically do everything that we do, but you do it bigger, and you do it better. Like, we have stupid people here… but your stupid people are world class. And that is not me saying: All Americans are stupid. No, America also has the smartest people on the planet. What Im saying is that when America does stupid, you do stupid. Like, our village idiot is in a park, shouting at clouds. Yours is president. The world is becoming a dumber place. You know how you know this? You know this from signs. Ill give you an example of one that I saw. I was in Tucson, Arizona. And I went down for breakfast in my hotel, and there was a sign on the toaster in this hotel that said: Please butter bread… …after use. If you do not know that you are meant to butter your toast after it has been toasted, you should not be allowed anywhere near a toaster, unless you are taking it with you into a bath. To be fair, right? This sign was affixed to the worst invention that mankind has ever created. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the hotel… conveyor belt toaster. No one in this entire 10,000-strong arena has ever made a decent piece of toast on the hotel conveyor belt toaster. Unfathomably shit. And handily fitted with a small window, so you can witness your misery play out in slow motion. First time through. Whoosh! Still bread. Second time through. Whoosh! Barely warm. Third time through. Burnt to a crisp! There is literally no setting to get it right. Its like putting a ginger on a sunbed, its impossible. And theres always a queue out into the lobby cause you got stuck behind some old man that thought it was a good idea to put in a bagel. A bagel? Are you out of your fucking mind, Granddad? If you wanted a bagel toasted in that machine in time for breakfast, it needed to go in a week ago. By the time thats toast, you might be as well. Then its like they went: Oh, how can we make this machine even shitter? I know, lets have your piece of crappy toast be delivered onto a little tray underneath it that we set at a slight angle, so your piece of shitty toast is sent flying straight onto the bloody floor. You see people waiting for it to pop out, like fielders in the slip cordon. Oh, this is going to be a slippery catch to take. Whys that? Well, Im one of those psychopaths that likes to butter the bread before. It wasnt even the worst sign that I saw. The worst sign that I saw was in the same hotel, but it was by the pool. I went down to the hotel swimming pool to have a lovely, refreshing dip in the hotel swimming pool, when I read a sign, ladies and gentlemen, that stopped me in my tracks, and it chilled me to the core. It read like this: Would you please refrain from entering the hotel swimming pool if you have active… diarrhea. Well, thank you very much for putting me off this, or indeed, any swimming pool ever again. Because that sign can only exist… because someone did. How is that something that we need a sign to remind us of? Dont get me wrong, I like swimming as much as the next man. But I accept that if I am in the clutches of an attack… of active diarrhea, there are certain activities that I will not be participating in for a short while. Swimming, trampolining, horseback riding, skydiving, probably tandem skydiving as well. I personally am the kind of person that lives his life governed by the fear that I might, one day, shit myself in public. Case in point, every time Im in a car and I do not realize that the heated seat is on, Im like: Fuck, todays the day. Also, more importantly, what on earth does this phrase even mean? Active diarrhea. As opposed to what? Inactive diarrhea? Yes, weve had diarrhea in the family for generations. My great-grandfather traveled to India, picked up a bit of the old Delhi belly, but fortunately, as he got the dormant kind, none of us have ever soiled ourselves. I can only assume that active diarrhea means it is literally coming out of your ass. If that is the case, and for some baffling reason you have decided that your best chance of salvation is the crowded hotel swimming pool, I dont think youre the kind of fucker that stops to read a sign. Whats this? ‘No running, no diving… But ah, yes, nothing about shitting. Well, bombs away. This is the world that we live in, though. We have to care about everyones feelings, everyones tolerances, everyones intolerances, everyones… dietary… requirements. Ill tell you where its gone too far, and I have to be the person to say this. For the love of God… we have got enough… milks now. Would everyone stop milking shit? I went to buy coffee recently. Near to where I live, in London, a very rough part of London called Notting Hill. I went in there. I have very straightforward coffee tastes. It should have been a very straightforward transaction. It was anything but. I went in there. I was like: Hello, Id like a white coffee, please. Okay, sir, what kind of milk would you like with your coffee? Weve got a coconut milk, weve got an almond nut milk, weve got hazelnut milk, weve got cashew milk, weve got a macadamia nut milk, weve got oat, rice, hemp, soy milk. You can have it from a bean, pulse, nut, grain, oat, lax, from a leaf, seed, tree. Id like it from a nipple, please. I dont care what type of nipple. Preferably a cows, but Im not fussy. Ill take it from whatever nipple I can get. She looked at me like I had requested it from hers. Like I was the weirdo. Im not the weirdo. Youre the one in the back of the shop with your little friends, milking fucking cashew nuts. Youre the freaks, not me. I do not, for one moment, doubt that lactose intolerance is a very grave and pressing issue for humanity. But lest I remind you, we currently dont have a cure for cancer, and there are 12 readily available milk substitutes on the market which, I would argue, is 11 more than we need! And look, were all having fun. I dont want to turn my special into a TED Talk. But Im about to hit you up with some pretty sophisticated science here. Milk must come… from a tit. Last time I checked, the almond? Pretty flat-chested. You are drinking… nut juice. Oh, dear. I worry this may be a little bit of a London problem. On this tour that Ive been doing… I bring this up cause I was in the northeast of England and we were doing a show there, and we were staying in this tiny, little hotel in the middle of nowhere. It was amazing. There was a slightly older gentleman that was serving us breakfast at this hotel. And my tour manager, Johnny, asked him about the milk situation. He got the best response I have ever heard. He was like: Excuse me, what are the milk options? The guy went: Hot… or cold. Where are the dairy drinkers in? Whos a dairy drinker here this evening? You do realize we are the smokers of 2020? Seriously. Watch as we get slowly ostracized from society. Theyll give us our own designated areas to go and drink our dirty titty milk in. Theyll have warnings soon, like with the cigarettes. Youll go into the supermarket, pick up a carton of milk, therell be a sticker on the side of it: Warning, may cause healthy bones and teeth. And dont you dare, dont you dare, in 2020, drink your disgusting titty milk… through a plastic straw. Oh, no, no, you may as well be sucking it directly from the devils dick. I got that lecture recently from a friend, a friend whos the classic environmental hypocrite. I dont know if youve come across this woman. She gives it all the: Yeah, Ive got my reusable coffee cup and my reusable water bottle, all in my eco-friendly grocery bag. You drove here in a fucking Hummer. She comes at me about the straw: Jack, you cant use a plastic straw anymore. What about the environment? What about the wildlife? You need a reusable straw. I was like: Okay, fine, understood. I went, I got myself a reusable straw. Its made of ivory. It works a fucking treat. Doing my bit, doing my bit. Dont use a coffee cup anymore, I take my turtle shell into Starbucks. Im like: Fill that bad boy up. And Ive started recycling condoms, so… Yeah, the big man knows what Im talking about. Quick rinse, get rid of any nut juice, stick it on the washing line. Its a bag for life. Weve got to do our bit. Do our bit now. I had the vegan Impossible Burger the other day. Oh, my God, amazing. Heres the twist. Tastes just like a regular hamburger, but… its the price of two hamburgers. And guilt-free. Plus, you can get any topping you like. I went for bacon and foie gras. Mmm! ‘Cause that, of course, is the answer. We should all be going vegan. My uh… flatmate, Hugo, recently… Of course, Hugo. Im just a normal guy. No. The Hugester, hes great. Um… he lives in the east wing and… Anyway, hes a vegan, but heres the thing. He didnt want to call himself a vegan cause he was worried that some of his friends might give him shit. Moi. So… instead of calling himself a vegan, Hugo decided that he was going to identify as… Get ready for it because it is a humdinger. …plant-positive. Ah, nice work, Hugo. Successfully sidestepped the wanker bullet there, didnt we? And its now literally every other word out of his mouth. Hes like: Jack, you can make as many jokes as you like about me being plant-positive. Im going to live ten years longer than you. Yeah, not if you keep calling yourself plant-positive around me. I will smother you in your sleep. Actually, I wont even need to smother you now. Youre a vegan. Ill just place the cushion on your face, youll be too weak to lift it off. Youre suffocating me. No, just making you oxygen-negative. … Its no good crying over spilt nut juice. Where are the vegans at? We got vegans in? Okay, an army of them. Oh, dear. Im going to get booed off stage in a hail of tofu. I– Im sorry. Honestly, I am. I come in peace, okay? I dont want any beef, and, quite frankly, neither do you. Vegan-bashing, thats what that was. And it is, excuse the pun, low-hanging fruit. Because there is no denying, your life choice, Hundred percent better for you, better for the world. I also know why… human beings have a pop at vegans. Its a very simple human instinct. As human beings, we basically just cant bear anyone else that has exercised any degree of self-control. And you all fucking do it. Doesnt matter what that self-control is. Someone thats become a vegan, someone thats given up drinking, someone thats running a marathon, someone that has started cycling to work. Your mouth goes: Oh, good for you. And your head goes: Cunt. Because we dont want people #LivingTheirBestLife. We want them #LivingASlightlyShittierLifeThanUs, so we can feel better about our pathetic existence. Thats why all those dickheads get wound up by Greta Thunberg. I mean, talk about living your best life. She has put the entire world to shame. That girl is a boss. She is a child. Yes. She is a child and she has raised a global climate change revolution. When I was a child, I couldnt raise a Tamagotchi. Shes at the UN, telling them: We need to save the planet through radical action. I was like: Mommy, its making a funny noise and asking me to feed it, what do I do? Just send it to boarding school. We also have no excuse now. Its never been easier to be a better citizen of the world. I was in the supermarket recently. Not Waitrose, or Whole Foods, before you start judging me. Sorry to disappoint, Not doing Waitrose jokes. Been told to cut them out. For real. After my last tour, my manager took me aside and said: Jack, your reference points are a little unrelatable. If you ever want to be a comedian you know, a man of the people, cut out the Waitrose stuff. So, understood. ‘Cause Im a normal guy. So the other day, I was in the supermarket, my favorite, the Lie-dl. Or when Im in the States, Walmar. I saw a sign in the supermarket, though, for Veganuary. That is a great idea, giving up meat for a month. All onboard with that. But why January? On behalf of everyone, can I please say, people need to back the fuck off January. We already have Dry January. Now we have Veganuary. Newsflash: January already the shittest month of the year. That is not the month you should be giving up vices. If anything, that is the month you should be finding new ones for. Jack, are you giving up booze and meat for January? Nope, but I will be taking up heroin. Yeah, the month flies by, and that Christmas weight just drops off. Whos with me? 2021, Smackuary. Got to be more ethical cause the meat eaters can be more ethical as well. Can ask the right questions. Got to pick your moments. Im a normal guy, so I took a girl on a date to the Nan-doss. She started asking questions about the chicken. There is a time and a place for asking questions about the chicken. Nan-doss is not it. The poor guy there didnt have a fucking clue. She asked him where the chicken was from. He said: The fridge. Thats the thing. Youve gotta be aware of the food eaten by the food that were eating. I saw an article the other day saying you are no longer allowed to feed ducks in the park bread. Do you know why? Because it makes them… bloated. Theyre ducks. Their job… is to float. What does it matter if theyre bloated? Thats a fucking advantage. Started listing alternatives. Instead of feeding them bread, you could feed them corn kernels, you could feed them peas, you could feed them grapes. Grapes? Am I visiting this duck in hospital now? Can you imagine how much of an asshole I would look like if I turned up to my local park, everyone else is chucking in moldy bits of bread, I turn up with a basket of grapes? Oh, you may be ducks, but today you will feast like swans. Dont fill up too much, you wont leave room for the cheese board. Here we are. Lie-dls finest Latvian Camembert. Come, enjoy, enjoy. Gluten-free ducks. Whatever next? Theyll be going keto. Thats whatll happen. I cant keep up with the fad diets. There appears to be a new one every week. Youve got juicers, your fasters. The fasters, thats the weirdest one. Its like a cult. Fast the 5:2 diet. Yeah, Im doing the 5:2 diet. For five days, I eat what I like. For two days, I fast. And for seven days, I tell everyone about it. And theyre always so desperate to tell you how good fasting is for you. Its like: I have eyes in my head, I can see whats in front of me. These people look emaciated, physically weak. Like prisoners of war. Oh, Im so sorry, I cant have that biscuit. Im actually doing a fast at the moment. Its absolutely amazing, youve got to try it sometime. I havent made saliva for three days. What have you lost? Two stone and my vision. Its honestly the best Ive ever felt. Oh, God. I feel like a lot of this will come back and haunt me. I mean, in six months time, I will 100% be a vegan. And… drinking falafel milk. Im just jealous of people for living the life that I want to live. I do it with everything. Like love-life. Now that my love-life is a car crash, I literally cannot be around happy couples. Aww. Give me a cheer if youre in a happy relationship. Mate, it doesnt work if you drag your girlfriends hand up when I ask that question. Frigging caveman over here. She happy. Give me a cheer if youre in an unhappy relationship. Right, we can hang out. I love spotting these unhappy couples. I saw one the other day. I was on a plane. This husband and wife walked on. I dont know whether they were husband and wife, but they were over 60. So if youre over 60, whether youre married or not, youre a husband and wife. ‘Cause there is nothing cringier than anyone over 60 referring to themselves as: boyfriend and girlfriend. Youre not in primary school. And I know thats ageist to say, but unfortunately its just true. I met this guy the other day. He was old. Like, old-old. Like, you could have got into his iPhone by showing it one of your testicles, like that. He had to be pushing 80. And he introduced me to the woman that he was with: This is my girlfriend. That is your next of kin. So the couple come on. The husband sits down, instantly falls asleep, starts snoring out loud. And the wife is looking over at him, and loathing him with every fiber of her being. At one point he did that thing like he was choking in his sleep. Like… I accidentally caught her eye. She gave me a look as if to say: Shh! If he goes, he goes. Hes got his tray table down. Shes written, Do not resuscitate. Whole flight, he snores out loud. By the time it gets to the landing, even the screaming baby was like: This guys an asshole. But because his seat was ever so slightly inclined, the air hostess had to come over and put it into the upright position for landing, or as we know, the plane wouldve burst into a ball of flames. In doing so, she accidentally wakes him up, and he was not best pleased. He snapped at her. He was like: Oh, my God, is… is it really worth leaning over and waking me up for the sake of two inches? And his wife went: Not in my experience. There were high-fives. The pilot had to do an announcement. To the lady in row 33, you go, girl, you go! Everyone was loving it. Other than me. I was sat there thinking: This is the last time I ever sit behind my fucking parents on a plane. Im glad you enjoyed that bit. Do you know who did not enjoy that bit the first time he heard it? Michael Whitehall. Oh, my God. The first time he heard that bit, he had the most Michael Whitehall response you have ever heard. I came offstage afterwards. He was waiting for me, looming at the end of the bar, like a pissed vampire. He was like: I didnt like that new plane bit of yours. I was like: Daddy, obviously it wasnt actually you guys, it was just a joke. He went: Row 33, I do not want people thinking that we fly economy. Hes got even worse now, as well, that he is a minor celebrity. Im not saying fame has gone to his head, but the other day, my dad was doing a medical questionnaire and under Occupation, he put: National treasure. We all know hes on borrowed time. Eventually hes going to say or tweet something thats gonna get him canceled. We did this ancestry show on the BBC, Who Do You Think You Are? The answer, it turns out, is: an asshole. Yep, my father comes from a long line of assholes, it turns out. On one side of the family, we were taken to Birmingham. I was like: Great, Im going to be related to a Peaky Blinder. Nope, sex pest. One of my ancestors was a philandering con artist that got syphilis, gave it to his wife, and they both died in a mental asylum. Well, it turns out, he was the good one. Oh, yeah, my other ancestor made old Cheaty McSyphilis look like Mother Teresa. Other side of the family, we visited Wales and discovered that Im related to a prominent Welsh Tory M.P. that introduced blood sports to the nation, then put down a revolt of Welsh workers that were fighting for the right to vote, and had the William Wallace of Wales arrested, and hung, drawn and quartered for treason. So Im finding all of this stuff out. I was… I was upset, I was moved, I was disturbed. I turned to look at my dad. Fucking nothing. I was like: Daddy, you need to look more upset. There are cameras on us. Can you at least pretend to be sad? He went: I am sad. It is all deeply depressing. I had absolutely no idea that we were Welsh. I get it, right? I get it. Your perception of your parents changes over time. As a child, you look at your mom and dad and youre like: You two are the most embarrassing people that I have ever seen in my entire life. Then you get a little bit older, a bit wiser, you become an adult, and eventually you go: You know what? Actually, I think these two might be all right. Then they retire and you spend more time with them and youre like: Oh, no, I had it right the first time. Youre fucking mental. And in my family, my sister definitely gets it worse. Last year, my sister got engaged. That should have been a lovely moment for our family. And it was, for nought-point-five seconds. Until she then announced she didnt want to get married in a church. Oh, dear. Anyone wouldve thought she told him shed voted Green. Did not go down well. He went: What do you mean you dont want to get married in a church, Molly? If Im paying for this wedding, youre not having it in a fucking barn. If Im paying for this wedding, it will happen in a house of worship. The look on his face when he finds out weve booked a mosque. Now the pressures on me, of course. To get married. To have a child. They keep asking: When are you going to give us a grandchild? Im like: Im trying to put an end to this bloodline of syphilitic mass murderers. But its because I had my first proper breakup recently. I had an amicable breakup, which people tell you is a good thing. Im here to tell you, it fucking aint. Much better to hate the person. I say that as a person. I also say that as an artiste. Because the one advantage of having tragedy in your life as an artiste is it can inspire great work. No one has ever written a brilliant album about a lovely breakup, where everyone behaved impeccably. I wanted her crushing my heart into the floor, throwing my clothes out of the window. I wanted to get Adeled, right? Instead, my ex-girlfriend took my mom for tea to help my mom transition through the split. Yeah, fuck you with your kindness and generosity. I want to be rolling in the deep. Instead, Im in the shallow end, making jokes about diarrhea. Then we had this weird situation where me and my ex were just friends and we were living in the same flat together for a couple of months. That was very weird. Trying to help each other acclimatize to our new life as just friends. Shall I tell you the most tragic moment? We were in the kitchen together, and for the first time in six years, she farted in front of me. And no words were exchanged. I just walked out of the room, went upstairs, locked myself in the bathroom, and had a little cry because I knew it was over. In one gust, she had broken wind and my heart. Some of this new materials quite bleak. Seriously, though. She was farting in front of me. She was trying to make herself less attractive to me. She was literally trying to fart herself off the pedestal. But it didnt work. I am a man. It only made me love her more. Then I tried to play ball as well. I was like: Is there anything I could do to make myself less attractive to you? She went: No, I think Im pretty much there. Now Ive got to put in an effort again. Got to put a shift in in the bedroom again, I dont like having to do that. Oh, no, Im very conservative in the bedroom. No thrills with me between the sheets. I always say, sex with me is like arriving late at the theater and trying to find your seat. Lot of shuffling, bit of shushing, a pause, and from somewhere in the darkness, a whispered: Im sorry. Unfortunately, never that noise. I– Im just not equipped for any of this. Im not equipped for a breakup emotionally, cause I am a product of the British public school system. If a relationship broke down at boarding school, you werent encouraged to talk about it. Mainly cause a lot of those teachers couldve lost their jobs. The closest Ive come to a relationship since, though, has been with Alexa. Ah, lovely Alexa. Stores and records everything you say, so that she can use it in the future. Just like a real girlfriend. And I lead the bachelor lifestyle now. Woohoo, bachelor lifestyle! Breakfast for dinner. Fuck, yeah. Same underpants for a week. Did someone order a legend? Ooh, is this just the kitchen sink, or is it also now the downstairs toilet? Too far? I love saying that onstage every night, and then looking out into the crowd, without fail, always seeing at least four or five guys laugh, and then turn to their missus and be like: I have no idea what hes talking about. Was that rock bottom, or was rock bottom going to the kitchen and realizing that the only food I had left in the house was the emergency Pot Noodle, only to then discover, shed taken the kettle? Well, I guess youre getting filled up directly from the hot tap. Im not proud of myself. Sat on the sofa in a Slanket, crunching through an al dente Bombay Bad Boy, hoping it will give me the sustenance I need to return to the job at hand, namely seeing whether it is possible to wank yourself into a coma. Say my name, Alexa. Jack Whitehall. Yeah! Whos the daddy? Searching Michael Whitehall. No! Dont do that. I think its fair to say, I went off the rails a little bit. It all came to a head when I went to… to Germany for a weekend. Uh… quite sad, actually. Last year, we went to Berlin to say goodbye to a friend of mine, who we lost in June… June, July? It was a summer wedding, I cant remember when. Thats right. After the self-pity stage of breakup grief comes the getting annihilated stage, and where better to do that than surrounded by all of your happily married friends? #LivingAShittierLife. So Ive been up for three days on this stag-do, and Im in Berlin Airport, on the way home. Im stood in the queue for airport security, and I put my hand into my pocket to take out my passport, and instead, I withdraw a single edible weed gummy. Oh, dear. I look around for somewhere to dispose of this thing, there is nowhere in immediate sight. For a brief moment, it crossed my mind for a second, I looked in front and there was a child with an open backpack. I didnt, cause Im not a monster. And I couldnt distract his mom. S– So I was like, reluctantly: This is going to have to go down the hatch. So I swallow this thing. Now, I am a little bit of a novice when it comes to the old edible marijuana. These things are incredibly strong. It hit me like a fucking freight train. By the time I was at the front of this queue, I was so high, I couldve flown home without the aid of an airplane. I knew I was in serious trouble when I was stood in the body-scanning machine, legs akimbo, arms aloft. I was like: Why is it not scanning you? Its not scanning you cause it knows that youve got drugs in your belly, you naughty boy. I then realized the actual reason it wasnt scanning me was cause I was stood, legs akimbo, arms aloft, in a regular metal detector. It was at that point that I heard a German voice shouting at me from behind: Das ist verboten. Im no linguist, but I was certain it wasnt the German for: Have a nice day. The lounge is over there. I turn around, the security official is pointing very aggressively at my midriff region and shouting something in German. I realize, with hindsight, he was pointing at my belt. He wanted me to take my belt off. Unfortunately, I was so high, I didnt even realize I was wearing a belt. For some reason, in that moment, I thought that he was pointing… at my trousers, and I thought that he wanted them off. I was like: Wow, these German security officials are awfully thorough. But I went to a Catholic boarding school. If a figure of authority tells you to drop em, you fucking drop em. So, in the middle of Berlin Airport, I began to slowly start pulling down my trousers. He did not like that one bit. If anything, it made him even angrier. He started shouting more. He was like: Oben! Oben, Ive Googled it. Its the German word for up, as in: Pull your trousers up. I dont speak German. I thought hed shouted: Open. I was like: This has escalated. The most worrying element of this story is quite how compliant I was. I thought, in that moment, that a security official wanted to anally cavity search me in front of everyone in the airport, and I put up no protest whatsoever. He literally just had to shout open once, and I was assuming the position, preparing for entry. Well, if thats the way its got to go, Fritz, thats the way its got to go. Stick a pinkie in there first, if you would. Call me old-fashioned but I need to be wooed. This is why I need a girlfriend. To keep me in line. Im not good at being single. I should have one-night stands, thats what youre to do. Im scared of one-night stands. Know why? Im scared of getting something. My friend, he had a one-night stand. He got the one that you cant get rid of. Kids. Did you just look at your daughter, on the punchline of that joke? That was brutal. Thats you, that is. My little STD. -Shes what? Its your wife? Oh, my God. Oh, my God, Im so sorry. Its fine. Its not like were filming this. Its not going anywhere, its fine. Fucking punching. I, uh… Michael Whitehall would be proud. The rest of the show is to this side. I cant even look over there. This guys going to come up– Stop waving at me. No, that doesnt make it any better. I already feel absolutely mortified. Thank you, comedy gods. But we must move on. My point is, Im not ready to have a child. Id be a terrible parent. Oh, my God. This was a sign I saw recently. I was driving along the road. There was a sign at the side of it: Drive like your children live here. I was doing 130 when I hit that tree. I did this recently. Oh, my God. Has anyone ever done it? I accidentally hit a kid skiing. Someones laughing over there, like theyve done it. Not good. It probably wasnt your fault either. It was so unfair. To be fair to me, this little fucker cut straight in front of me, in the line for the buffet, and I just lashed out. The reality is, I reckon, some parents dont help their kids. I met a woman the other day whose childs name… was Isis. I know. I know. She was like: Its Greek for ‘goddess of nature.' I was like: Its rest of the world for ‘shooty-shooty, bomb-bomb.' So you need to think of another name, love, cause that ones been hijacked. Wrong word, wrong word. Also, this wasnt information she shared with the group. This was information she casually dropped into the conversation, like it was a normal thing. Id never met this woman before in my life. You can imagine how concerned I was. Were all sat there in the pub, having a lovely drink, when all of a sudden, this complete stranger pipes up and goes: Well, I need to go home to be up early tomorrow morning to help Isis with a project. Sorry, I beg your fucking pardon? Yes, typical Isis, announces it at five oclock and its me thats got to go to the shop and buy all the bloody materials. Then Ive to pack the backpack, drive to the bus stop. I might as well take it to school myself. Take this bitch down right fucking now. Eventually I realize shes talking about her child. I was like: You cant call your child Isis. She was like: I called her Isis before the terrorist organization. I was like: I should fucking hope so. But unfortunately, there are certain names that get taken out of circulation. Thats why you dont swipe right with many Adolfs on Tinder. To be fair to Hitler… which is a terrible sentence… to start any routine with. To be fair to Hitler– Stop saying it, stop saying it. I… Ive always wanted a catchphrase, I dont think thats the one to plumb for. In Hitlers defense… No, worse! Worse, worse, worse. Worse. Swastikas, thats what I want to talk about. Okay? Swastikas, okay? Perfect example of appropriation. Have you met this dickhead that says to you: Oh, I dont know whether you know this, but the swastika is actually a Buddhist symbol? Yeah… not anymore. No, it symbolizes the footprints of the Buddha. You know what? Next time you walk into a bar and you see a guy with a shaved head and a swastika tattooed on his neck, you walk up to him and give him your friendliest… namaste. Lets hope you get reincarnated as someone thats not a twat. Anyway, Im being harsh. Im being harsh. Obviously, this mother didnt call her daughter Isis provocatively. And apparently, Isis was a lovely little girl. And a wonderful sister, as well. To her brothers, Hamas and Hezbollah. Ah, thats a routine that feels like its on borrowed time. The best thing about doing that bit is Ive been doing that for months, and now that Ive done it on tour, you get other people coming up to you that want to tell you that their child is also called Isis. And I tell you, it attracts a certain type of person. I was in a crowded hotel lobby the other day. This guy in a tweed jacket comes striding towards me. Jack, my daughters Isis as well. We are in public, mate. Come over here. Will you do a video for her on the phone? Come on. Do a video for her. Hes doing a video for Isis. Shut up! Ill tell you another one. An awkward social situation that I mess up on a daily basis now. Not realizing that my AirPods have not synced up to my mobile phone, and my music is playing to fucking everyone. Had the worst one the other day. Happened in the gym. Now, when I go to the gym, Im like The Rock. No pain, no gain. I leave nothing there. I find an exercise bike in the corner, and pop myself on it. Put on my hoodie, stick in my AirPods, and Ill put on something mellow. Were talking audio book, were talking classical music, were talking film score. I set the incline to nought-point-five, and then I have a quiet little pootle, like I am one of Call The Fucking Midwife. Only on this occasion, everyone in the gym is looking at me. Now, for some reason, my first thought was: Hmm, they must all be looking over here cause Quadzilla is burning some serious rubber. I then had an awful moment, where it dawned upon me that the actual reason everyone in the gym was looking at me is that I was in the corner, on an exercise bike, hoodie on, AirPods in, playing to the entire gym, the theme tune from E.T. Do I look normal and nice again? Yes, one woman, thank you very much. That wolf whistle was a little late. But thank you. Im going to tell you one more story. Its about my dad. Look, I know that Ive made jokes about him, and uh… the reality is, I love him dearly, and I never take for granted how lucky I am to spend that time traveling around the world with him. And Im so proud of him, for how much he puts himself out of his comfort zone to do the stuff that we do. I get to see whole new sides to my dad that I never thought that I would see. And thats not to say that, on occasion, I havent pushed him too far. And so I want to leave you with this story about the occasion when I did just that. And it was actually very traumatic at the time. It was something that we didnt feel like we could put in the show, because it wound up with him collapsing and being rushed to hospital. But… tragedy plus time equals comedy. So, here goes. It happened when we went to the Ukraine, and we visited Chernobyl. Has anyone ever been to Chernobyl, by the way? Just that woman over there. Holding up her third hand. Its a terrifying place, terrifying place, the site of the worst ever nuclear disaster in human history. Uninhabited now, other than by packs of feral, stray dogs, but, weirdly, also now a tourist destination. Fun for all the family. Theyve got a gift shop in Chernobyl. Theyve got a canteen in Chernobyl. A canteen in Chernobyl, which no one in their right mind would eat in. Unfortunately, my father, not in his right mind. We went in there. It was full of Japanese tourists. Eventually, I get to the front of the queue. I was like: So, whats on the menu today? Meat… in bun. Thank you, madam. Whats the vegetarian option? You take the meat… out of the bun. A hundred times I told Daddy: Do not eat the meat in a bun. Did he listen? Did he– Fuck. He was like: Ive eaten lunch every day at 1:00 p.m. my entire life, today will be no exception. Go find me a wine list. Wine list? Daddy, were in a canteen in Chernobyl, there is no wine list. Even if there was, I dont think youd want to go anywhere near. Would sir like the red, white, or glow-in-the-dark? Uh… red, please. Could you suggest a good year? Anything before 1986. I was like: Daddy, youre not having any wine. Just… have a glass of water. He went: I dont drink water. Why? Because fish fuck in it. So he doesnt drink any water. He eats the mystery meat in a bun. Cut to 45 minutes later. Were in a van with our camera crew. We are driving past the exclusion zone towards Pripyat, into the deserted woodlands, the most toxic and radioactive place on earth, when all of a sudden, my father turns to me and whispers in my ear: Jack, I need the toilet. I turn to look at him, and he does not look in a good way. Seriously, I have not seen him this red in the face since I told him there was a Womens World Cup. Im like: Daddy, you cant go to the toilet, you missed your chance, we are now in the middle of butt-fuck nowhere. He grabbed my arm, and in a voice that sounded like he had been possessed by a demon, he goes: Stop this van! Ive never seen my dad partake in physical exercise in his entire life. He literally ripped open the door to this van, and he ran into the woods like he was Usain fucking Bolt. I turned to the camera crew, Im like: Hide behind the van. I will go and deal with this. I follow my father into the woods, past these signs. Danger, do not trespass. Radiation. Youre constantly told in Chernobyl that you cannot touch or lean on any surface, for fear of radiation poisoning. Therefore, as I enter the woods, it becomes very clear very quickly that the only way that my 79-year-old father is going to be able to relieve himself in the woods… is with my assistance. Oh, you may grimace. I had to live through this experience. My father pulls down the trousers of his three-piece suit. I take him in both hands… I tread on the tops of his feet, and at the same time, we both start to slowly lean back… like were doing some horrible tantric yoga pose. I cant look at him, I have to go to a happy place. I start humming a tune. Im broken from my happy place by the sound of barking. I open my eyes. One of these feral, radioactive dogs is advancing towards my fathers arse, thinking: Mmm, lunchtime! Im trying to scare this thing away. Im like: Shoo, shoo, please just leave us alone. My dads shouting as well: This is so fucking undignified. I think its when the coachload of Japanese tourists drove past… that I must have gone into a fugue state. That is not a side of my father that I want to see. The next thing that I remember is coming to, walking towards this van, thinking: Im never going to be able to look Daddy in the eye ever again. I call the camera crew out from their hiding place. First comes our director, then our cameraman. The third person to emerge was Marc, our sound engineer. He also had a haunted look on his face. Its at that point that I realize that throughout the entire ordeal in the woods, we had been wearing microphones. Then, as if it couldnt get any worse, the crunch of tires on gravel, an armored vehicle pulls up. And from that armored vehicle emerged three armed members of the Ukrainian military police. They assess the scene, they see my fathers ashen face, they see the signs that we have completely ignored, and they see the site of Chernobyls second worst ever nuclear fallout. They do not look best pleased. Its at that point that I think quickly and I intervene. Im like: Gentlemen, before you say anything, can I just point out that I have read all of the signs here, and nowhere can I see one that says, ‘Would you please refrain from entering the woods with active diarrhea.' Wembley, youve been absolutely amazing. Thank you very much. Ive been Jack Whitehall, good night. Chernobyl 2018 30 minutes after fallout [Michael Whitehall] I dont know why youre fucking smirking. Weve ended up in hospital in Chernobyl. [Michael Whitehall] I look like Im being basted for Christmas. Whyre they lined up? Youre not Prince Charles. [Michael Whitehall] I would like to thank you all very much for looking after me so well. And I will always have very fond memories of this hospital, and of you three for looking after me.

URZILA CARLSON@OVERQUALIFIED LOSER@2020@Watch Urzila Carlson: Overqualified Loser on Netflix [male host] Make some noise, welcome to the stage… Urzila Carlson! [audience cheering] [rock music plays] [cheering continues] You guys! See? This is why… [cheering softens] This is why people love Australia. ‘Cause you guys are just off the fucking nut. [audience laughs] Just quickly, before we start… I just– [laughs] I feel like I want to share something with you. ‘Cause sometimes, right, audiences will send me gifts. Like, not this audience. [audience laughs] Honestly, sometimes audiences bring me gifts, and then they give it to the usher and the usher will bring it backstage and then I have to open it. Because I dont have a crew of people that travel with me cause Im not Adele. [audience laughs] You know, I dont know how people imagine, like… I walked here tonight. The five blocks. [audience laughs] You know when you make that decision, you go, Its only five blocks, Im gonna walk it? And then after the third block, you go, Fuck, I shouldve taken an Uber. [audience laughs] Then you go, Its too late now, I cant get an Uber now for two blocks, cause theyll think Im lazy. [laughs] [audience laughs] [chuckles] You dont want them to give you a two-star cause youre lazy cause then you have to fake a limp and stuff. [audience laughs] Yeah, I just sprained my ankle. So I get this gift, right? I do a show in Auckland, and a woman sends a gift with an usher, and the usher brings it to the room. And now Im gonna open it, but it looked dodgy as hell. It was just wrapped in brown paper. And– And it had a string around it, and not that fancy string that you get now over Christmas. You know, you always get– Like your sister-in-law, shell be doing all this fancy fucking wrapping and shit. [audience laughs] And you go, Okay, calm down. We know its bath salts. [audience laughs] Its like, Christ, you just spent $45 on the wrapping of a $2 fucking gift. [audience laughs] And we dont have a bath! [laughing continues] Not one of those strings, it was just an old shoelace. [audience laughs] So you know its dodgy when the usher sort of kicks the door open, throws the gift and goes, That came for you, and runs away. [audience laughs] So I look at this gift and I shook it and no powder fell out of it and it wasnt ticking. [audience chuckles] Im gonna open it. So I open the gift. And someone had sent me a moon cup. [audience oohs] Like, a new one, but a moon cup. Now, for those of you who dont know what a moon cup is, ladies, if I can ask you to just turn to the men in your area… [audience laughing] …and just explain to them what a moon cup is so I dont have to. Talk amongst yourselves. [audience murmuring] If you dont know, ask the people behind you. They know. [audience laughs] Oh, I dont know whats going on there. Theres a lady in the back doing that… [audience roars] I dont know what youre explaining… [chuckles] ….but I think youre doing it wrong. [audience laughs] For those of you who dont know what a moon cup is, its basically a Tupperware bowl for your coochacha. [audience laughs] Like, you whip it out when Aunt Flo comes to visit. You feel? But I knew. As soon as I received this gift, I knew I was in deep trouble cause Ive got an inquiring mind… [audience laughs] …and I knew I was going to try it. [audience laughs] [chuckles] Now, Im not going to go into detail, but let me just tell you, its not for me. [audience laughs] Lets just say… Okay, you know when youre unpacking the dishwasher, right? Ladies, if you want to turn to the men in your area and just explain what I mean. [laughs] [audience laughs and applauds] No, you know when youre unpacking the dishwasher and you get to the kids plastic bowls and cups and you dont take the time to individually dry each and every cup? You just kind of grab them, whack them and stack them away and then tomorrow morning, you have to feed those same children out of those bowls and you take it out and youre like… [audience laughs] Yeah, that. [audience roars] So, no, its not for me. [audience laughs] I travel a lot. Im on the road about 300 days of the year, and whenever I do go back home to Auckland, I always go see my GP and get them to do the once-over. Right, give it everything. Like, from head to toe, from head lice to ingrown toenails and everything in between. [audience laughs] They check the boobs, the smear. They even give you the flu jab, you know, cause science. Um… [audience laughs] Im not going to tell you what to do with your life, you know, Im just saying. We vaccinate cause we understand words and shit. [audience laughs] [chuckles] [audience cheers and applauds] Now, I understand that there might be some anti-vaxxers here tonight. ‘Cause when I did the show in Auckland, 13 people got up and walked out… [audience laughs] …and the whole auditorium went… [cheers, laughs] Like I was supposed to fight them or something. Im like, Leave them alone, theyve got sick kids at home. [audience roars] So, anyway, I go in, I see my doctor. She does what she can do and then she sends me off to the nurse. Now, our nurse, Nurse Barb, retired two years ago. Which is a good thing because she was, like, two years younger than Jesus, okay? [audience laughs] Im not ageist. But the last two years, I also got a prostate check. [audience laughs] I didnt hate it. [audience laughs] Thats why I went back the second year. [chuckles] [laughing continues] Anyway, I walk in, weve got a brand new nurse, Nurse Maniah, and, uh, I look at her and I go, Hi, and shes lovely, shes a lady in her fifties. Um… And I look around and Im trying to find the gown. Because you have to put this gown on with an opening in the front because theyre going to be working on your entertainment area… [audience laughs] …right? Now, personally… Im not a big fan of the gowns because they never close properly. You know, cause Ive had a few big Christmases in my time. [audience laughs] Like, I dont identify as fat. But Ive definitely, you know… Im– Im quite a few meals ahead and a few shits behind, so… [audience laughs] [women cackling] And, you know, you dont need to be a personal trainer… to know that if those two things dont line up, you can never be your goal weight. [audience laughs] But I dont see the gown, and Nurse Maniah goes, No, no, I use a lavalava. And I thought, This is great, its basically like a sarong. Not only do I get a smear but I also get a cultural experience. I love it. [audience laughs] So I take the lavalava off her, and now I wait for her to leave and close the curtain so I can, you know, take my kit off and put it on. So she closes the curtain. But she stays in there with me. [audience laughs] So at this point… I decide to decline the lavalava. She then takes it and biffs it on the desk, and I take my kit off and I hop on the table. Now, the protocol when going for a smear is you, the patient, must stare at the wall. [audience laughs] And her, the nurse, must stare at a speck on the curtain over here. [laughing continues] But never… do you make eye contact. [audience laughs] So, she starts, and I can feel her rummaging around. [audience laughs] Which is not what you want to feel at a doctors surgery, you want a… you want a confident hand. [audience laughs] You want– You want someone that knows whats going on. And I could feel her rummaging around, and I dont know at what point… do I act? At what point should I go, Do you need help? [audience laughs] [laughing] Too awkward, right? Or do I just keep quiet and guide her hand in? [audience laughs] Yeah, youre right, that would be too much. [mumbles] [audience laughs] I didnt have to do either of those things because she asked me something that was so left field that it knocked me, I had to think about it for a second. She goes, You still a virgin? [audience roars] [laughs] And I went… [audience laughs] Say what, now? I was like, Oh… Oh, no. Ive had the sex heaps. [audience laughs] And she goes, Huh. Okay. She then leaves the room. At this point… Im regretting not taking that lavalava. [audience laughs] ‘Cause now Im just lying on that bed like a frozen supermarket chicken… [audience laughs]; [breathing shakily] [laughing continues] …worried that someone might come in. They didnt. She came back in a flash. She had a smaller speculum. [audience laughs] And she was at it again and she goes, Im just gonna ask you again. She goes, You sure youve had sex before? I go, Yeah! I said, Im married, my wifes waiting in the waiting room. She goes, Oh… [audience laughs] …I see. [chuckles] She goes… [dramatically] But have you had sex with a man? I said, Yes, Im familiar with disappointment. [audience laughs] [audience applauds] She says, Im just asking cause youve got the smallest vagina Ive ever worked with in my career. I went, No shit! I guided her hand in, she took the swab. I got dressed, I went in the waiting room and I go, Come, babe! To my wife, not to a stranger. I go, Come. [audience laughs] We walk back in. I said, Nurse Maniahs got something to tell you about my… [clicks tongue] [audience laughs] …entertainment area. [laughs] [laughing continues] Nurse Maniah looks at her, she goes, If I had to describe her vagina with one word, Id say… petite. [audience laughs] My wife immediately turns to me and she goes, You cannot use this story on stage. [audience laughs] I said, Bitch… [audience applauds] …a medical professional just told me something on me is petite. Im fucking telling everyone! [audience laughs and applauds] [audience cheering and whistling] But that explains the moon cup, doesnt it? [audience laughs] I needed a thimble. [laughs] [laughing continues] So this show is called Loser and I decided to write the show cause I was so… confused, like its always negative if you lose anything. You lose your keys, you lose your mind, you lose your dad: thats negative. But you lose a bit of weight: positive. [audience laughs] And I dont understand that. Like, if you lose half a kilo, strangers will applaud that. You can go out right now and go, I lost half a kilo, people will go, Good on you, and give you a high five. Which I dont understand. If you truly love someone– If you love someone, dont you go, I fucking love you so much, I wish there were 50 kilos more of you? [audience laughs] With everything else, if you love it, you want more. You love cake? Fucking give me more cake. [audience laughs] Or you love money? Give me more money. [laughing continues] I fucking love you? Less of that. [audience laughs] It makes no sense. Now, I know… I know I need to lose some weight. I know that. But I– I want to be very careful. I just want to lose enough weight so I can eat in public. [audience laughs] I just want to be able to eat a pie in public. [laughing continues] ‘Cause you know if youre in here and youre a bit of a chub, you know you cannot eat in public. [audience laughs] You will be judged, right? Like– Even if its a celebratory pie. [audience laughs] Even– [laughs] Even if your stomach stapling has been really successful… [audience laughs] …and to celebrate, you go to BP to get a pie cause theyve got the best pies. Thats what their name is for. [audience laughs, applauds] [women cheer] You go over there, you grab a pie and youre outside eating that pie, like, Nom-nom, 80 kilos gone. You know some fuckwit in a ute will drive past and go, Who ate all the pies? [cackles] [audience laughs] And you have to go… [timidly] I did. [audience laughs] So I know I have to lose some weight. But I want to be careful cause I dont want to lose too much and end up in porn. [audience laughs] ‘Cause you know that is a very real possibility. [audience laughs] If youre hot. If youre super… Like you are, youre proper hot. Right? Like, youre a beautiful couple. Do you work out together? Yeah. Of course you do. [audience laughs] Im not fit-shaming you. But youre a hot couple. Like, aesthetically, youre quite pleasing to the eye. [audience laughs] Like, if you two came up to me in a bar and asked me for a threesome, Id be in. [audience laughs] Yeah. And not just in a hold the camera kind of way. Id give it my all. [audience laughs] [chuckles] I would get so freaky, you two would be super impressed. Like, halfway through, over my naked butt, youd just be high fiving each other, going… [audience laughs] Fucking score on this one, eh? [laughing continues] But you have to be careful. ‘Cause youre beautiful, you could end up in porn. The rest of you, youre fine. [audience laughs] ‘Cause, you know, if youre in a happy, healthy relationship and youve got a healthy sex life, at some point, one of you will turn to the other and go, We should record ourselves. [audience laughs] You know, while were… [clicks tongue] You know? And you will. If youre going, Well never do that, your partners probably already doing it. [audience laughs] You may as well get involved. Theres a whole genre of porn of you not being in porn. So you might as well. [audience laughs] And then youre going to go, Okay, fine. Then youve got to take your smartphone, youll prop it up somewhere in the room. And then you go at it. You go at it hammer and tongs, right? You give it your A-game cause you know youre recording yourself. [audience laughs] Then afterwards you go, Okay, go get it. [audience laughs] He rolls off you, he goes and he gets it. He comes back and youre excited. Youre like… [giggles] [audience laughs] Oh, this is going to be good. This is going to be great, yeah. [blows kiss] [audience laughs] I love you. And you hit play. [dry-heaving and gagging] [audience laughs] [loudly] Why is my arsehole so dark? [audience roars] Why is it so hairy? [audience laughs] It looks like a tarantula is crawling out of a cave. [laughing continues] [gags] You look at your body at an angle you wouldnt normally see, performing an activity you wouldnt normally see reflect back in a shopfront window. [audience laughs] You see things on your body that you wouldnt normally see. You look at that and you go… [yelling] Is that a nipple on my back? [audience laughs] And your partners, like, super blasé He goes, Yeah. [audience laughs] I thought you knew. Youre like, No, every time its cold, I think its the fucking label on my cardigan! [audience laughs] And hes like, No, no. And when its really hot, it does that weird Barbie mouth thing, that… [audience laughs] You look at that footage, its not natural. Its your fat, pasty-ass white body plowing at pace… [audience laughing] …into another fat, pasty-ass white body… meeting abruptly in the middle. It doesnt even sound good. [audience laughs] Like, in the heat of the moment, you dont hear anything. But when its silent and youre just staring at your white body with an extra nipple on a little screen, all you can hear… [smacking rapidly] [audience laughs] Like, What is that noise? Oh, its your balls on my tummy. [laughing continues] You look at that and you go, Why am I fucking you? [audience laughs] Why are you fucking me? Lets never do this shit again. [audience laughs] Then you go, Delete it. [audience laughs] And he goes, I will. No, youre fucking doing it now! [audience laughs] [hisses] He deletes it. You double-check its deleted out of the recently deleted. [audience laughs] That couple then take that phone together, walk it out to the shed, take a hammer… [audience laughs] …smash it till theres only powder left, take a brush, into a little plastic bag. [laughing continues] You drive from the top of the country to the bottom of the country and at every public toilet, you stop and you put some of that dust in the toilet… [audience laughing] and then you flush it just in case some IT genius is about to crawl out of his mother… to put that shit back together again and share it with the world. We are very careful. [quietly] But you two… [audience laughs] Not you two. [audience laughs] Youre like, Yeah, lets record ourselves. Yes, lets. Lets. Just let me finish moisturizing. [audience laughs] [clicks tongue] And then you prop the phone up, and afterwards you go, Go get it, and hes like, Yeah, no worries. [exhales sharply] [audience laughs] Dont even need to get out of the bed cause that yoga is finally paying off. [audience laughs] Actually, that hurt my back. [pained] I dont think I… [audience laughs] [laughs] Medic! [giggles] You take that phone. Like, Lets have a look at this. Oh, this is gonna be good. [audience laughs] [puckers] I love me. [audience laughs] You hit play on that. Youre like, Oh… [sexually] Oh, yeah, look at that! Look at that! Like, Holy shit. Im glad we went for that two-for-one anal bleaching. [audience laughs] [gruff] We look amazing! We should get a blue light, let it light up. [giggles] This is phenomenal work. Yeah, wait, wait, my best parts coming up. The dismount. [audience laughs] You go into a full triple back flip… Im not very good at sports talk, you know. [audience laughs] Full splits onto my dick. This is lovely. [laughing continues] You go… [laughs] You go, Save that. Save that. We look phenomenal. You go, Lets watch it tomorrow when we get back from pilates. [audience laughs] [sighs] Tomorrow night, you get back from pilates. Youre like… [gruff] Oh, yeah. [audience laughs] You know how I get all limber and into it. Now, lets watch it. So you watch it again. You go, Fuck, we are beautiful. [audience laughs] Well save it. [exhales] Well watch it tomorrow night after my spinning class. [audience laughs] You know how I get after spinning class. [exhales sharply] When my perineum is still vibrating. [audience laughs] I assume thats what happens, I dont know. [chuckles] [audience laughs] I dont ride a bike. Im an adult, Ive got a car. [inhales] [audience roars] [laughs] [audience applauds] And then you watch it again and you go, You know, we are so beautiful. Itll be a waste if only we get to see it. [audience laughs] We should upload it. Then you load it up to Pornhub and were now all whacking off to you two… [laughing continues] …cause were no longer fucking each other. [audience laughs] So all Im saying is get ugly or get fat, or youre going to be in porn. [audience laughs] You know your dads going to find it. [audience oohs, laughs] Yeah. Your mum wont know whats going on. [laughs] You know… [chuckles] You have not lived as an adult if you havent been at your parents house on a Sunday waiting for the roast, your mums in the kitchen youre watching some trash with your dad, and then your mum just pops out of the kitchen going, Hey! Can you have a look at the computer? Its wiped the history again. [audience laughs] And you look at your dad and you go, Motherfucker! [audience roars] Cant remember your Facebook login but know how to wipe the history, do ya? [laughs] [laughing continues] And your dads like, Oh, its all right, Ill have a look later. I bet you fucking will. [laughs] [audience laughing] So anyway, what Im saying is I need to lose some weight. [audience laughs] Im already panicked. Because Im of the size, whenever they talk on the news about the obesity epidemic in Australia, I know I could be one of those arses walking in the street. [audience laughs] You know the one. When as soon as they start talking, they go, Weve got a dietician here. Um… The obesity epidemic in Australia… And youre like, Oh, no. No, no, no. Where did they film today? And when you… [audience laughing] When you see theyre in an area where you were, youre like… [yelling] No! [audience laughs] Oh, fuck off! [laughing continues] ‘Cause, you know, its always you in your track pants. [laughs] [audience laughs] I see those fat people walk with these short steps like this. Im like, What the fuck are you doing? Stride it out, motherfucker!  [audience laughs] Have you guys ever watched that show The Biggest Loser? [all] Yes. You know when they came up with the concept for that show, there wasnt a fat person in a ten-kilometer radius. Because it wouldve been a completely different show. When they came up with the concept, they were all sitting in a boardroom in their yoga pants, and they go, All right, weve got $200 million. What are we doing? And Karen in Marketing went, Well… how about we take 12 fat people… [audience laughs] …and we put them in this fat farm scenario, and then we give them, like, six carrot sticks a day to eat… [laughing continues] …and we give them these really angry personal trainers. Like you get them any other way. We give them these really angry personal trainers to yell at them all day and make them exercise and then vomit up those carrot sticks. [audience laughs] And everyones like, All right. All right. Even if there was a fatty in the room at this point, theyll go, Harsh. But watchable. [audience laughs] [laughing] Youve watched it. And then they go, Okay, Karen, then what? Well, then we just monitor their progress. So once a week, we just put them on some scales in their cute little outfits. And then behind them, in giant red LED lights that they cant see, we put the weight they used to be, their weight now, their BMI, and their sperm count. [audience laughs] And then we judge them like that. Now, if there was a fatty in the room, theyd go, Hang the fuck on, at this point. Theyd go, Just a minute, just a fucking minute. [audience laughs] What are these cute little outfits youre talking about? [audience roars] She goes, Oh. I thought, like, bike pants and sports bra? No. ‘Cause you know what, if youre over the age of two… [audience laughs] …you dont look cute or good in em. [laughing continues] The only people allowed to wear bike pants and a sports bra are people under the age of two or if youre in the Olympics. [audience laughs] Thats it. Tomorrow morning, if you wake up and youre putting those bike pants on, go, Am I over the age of two? [audience laughs] If the answer is yes, then ask yourself, Am I in the Olympics? [audience laughs] If the answer is no, get the fuck out of those pants. [audience laughs, applauds] [chuckles] ‘Cause you know what the problem is with that outfit, especially for women of a certain age. Like, Im in my mid-forties. You know what the hardest thing of my day is? Lining up my nipples. [audience laughs] I wake up every morning and when I put a bra on, its like doing two really complex Rubiks cubes. [audience laughing] Oh, fuck it. Tuck it into your pants. [audience laughs] Well, Karen, you cant tuck it into your pants when youre not fucking having anything in the middle. Itll look like a fleshy scarf. [audience laughs] Fat people dont like to get weighed. Thats why we dont skydive. [audience laughing] Well, that, and it scares the shit out of whoever has to do a tandem jump with you. [audience laughs] But… [chuckles] When you skydive, they weigh you. And then they write your weight on your hand with a permanent marker. [audience laughs] I dont want to be telling people three days after my jump, Oh. Oh, no, its not a phone number. [audience roars] If I was in charge of making The Biggest Loser, it would look completely different. For starters, the people I would put in there. Id put people in The Biggest Loser, those people who never say thank you for shit. Like when youre driving and you give someone a gap and usually it takes a few goes to try and get them in the hole. Youre like… [audience laughs] And then they take it… and you wait for it. [audience laughs] But they just keep going. Its like they take that gap and go, Mine! [audience laughs] What kind of animal raised you… [audience laughing] …that you would take a gap and not just put your hand up like that to thank the person behind you? Thats all you have to do. ‘Cause if you dont thank the person behind you, youre making it unsafe on our roads. [audience laughs] ‘Cause now I have to aggressively overtake you… [laughing continues] …to go get my good deed back cause you were raised by an animal. [audience laughs] Its the same as when youre driving and theres a pedestrian crossing and you stop and a car there stops, and then the pedestrian walks past and they thank this guy and just walk past your car, and youre like… [audience chuckling] Whats going on here? [audience laughs] Im doing what theyre doing. Wheres my thank you? I reckon if theyre two thirds past your car and they havent started lifting their arm, hit them with your car. [audience roars] [woman cheers] Not to kill em. Just to knock em down so you can talk to em. [audience laughs] Then you hop out of your car and go, Dont worry, Ive got this. Im a medical professional. Ive got a petite vagina. [audience laughs] [laughs] You go, Wheres my thank you, asshole? [laughs] [audience laughs] Those people are all going on my Biggest Loser campl Or when youre at work, right, and youre in the lunchroom, you just want to eat your sandwich in peace. And then you hear it… [slurping aggressively] [audience oohs] And you look over and there he is. You go, Jesus, Brian. [audience laughs] How about you just leave that cup of tea for a minute? Thats going to cool down to a temperature… where you can just go ahead and drink it. [audience laughs] Where it wont sound like you lost your top lip in a violent accident. [laughing continues] And now youre curving your bottom lip in a straw-like scenario, trying to suck a teabag out of the bottom of that cup. [audience laughs] Brians going in The Biggest Loser camp. [audience laughs, oohs] Or that friend that we all have that have never let you finish a sentence. Youve been friends for years and this is the only thing theyve ever seen out of you. [stammers hesitantly] [audience laughs] Fucking Biggest Loser camp. Or any right-wing politician that has ever said anything so fucking stupid, it makes you want to headbutt a nail. [audience laughs] Theyre going in there. You know the ones. Like– Like those people that cant even take a mild egg to the head without trying to knock out a teenager. [audience cheers and laughs] [audience applauds and whistles] Get in the camp. Then what we do is we give them challenges that they cannot achieve, like keeping a cookie out of a fat kids hand. [audience laughs] If they fail, we give em paper cuts. [audience laughs] Now, I wasnt raised by an animal, I understand that, you know, everyones not the same. Like, the tea slurper is not on the same level as the right-wing politician. So we cut them with different grades of paper. [audience laughs] The tea slurpers and the interrupters, they get 150 gsm. [audience laughs] Then the people who dont thank you in traffic who have no manners, they get a 300 gsm gloss. [audience laughs] And the right-wing politicians, we cut them with X-rays. [exhales sharply] [audience laughs] And then we take chili oil and rub it in their wounds. [laughs] [audience oohs, laughs] -I know, Ive got a lot of time to think. [laughing continues] Thats what I do when you guys are at the gym. [chuckles] People go, Why dont fat people just get off their fucking arses? -‘Cause were thinking of this shit. [audience laughs] Okay, maybe thats a little extreme. Maybe its more like… I just think, like, other things are bigger losers– Other people are bigger losers than actual fat people just losing weight. Like, say if you get in a car with your friend, right? Theyre driving. Youre saying to that friend, I trust you with the most important thing that I have: my life. ‘Cause without it, you cant do shit, right? [audience laughs] So you start driving, and cause you live in Melbourne, it starts to rain. [audience laughs] They dont turn the wipers on. You know? All right. All right. Im not going to be that person, but you know how vitally important it is for you, the passenger, to see where theyre driving. [audience laughs] Otherwise how do you know how to make the right… [inhales sharply] [audience laughs] You dont want to say anything. So you just start scooching down in your seat a little. [audience laughs] Just a little. ‘Cause just above the dash, just under the wipers, theres always a weird half moon that you can see out of. [audience laughs] But then you start to panic, right, and you think about that pillow that your wife bought about you living your best life. And you think, Fuck, I do want to live my best life and I want to continue with that. I should say something. [yelling] Put the wipers on! [audience laughs] And they go, Oh, shit, I didnt even notice it started raining. [audience laughs] You know youre driving, right? [laughing continues] And then because its Melbourne, five minutes later it stops raining. [audience chuckles] [squeaks] [audience laughs] [squeaks] They dont turn the wipers off. Not only do they visually have something in front of their eyes going, Oh, youre fucking up here, mate… [giggles] [audience laughs] …audibly, theres a bit of a soundtrack, too. It gets so dry that it does that weird triple jump in front of you. [audience laughs] When it comes back, its like… [thumping] [laughing continues] Youre not safe. You need to undo your belt, open the door and tuck and roll. Just… [audience laughs] Those people are bigger losers than you. [laughs] But, you know, because we have social media, we put ourselves into situations where you feel like a loser. ‘Cause you look at other peoples amazing lives, right, cause they have these amazing filters and amazing bullshit on their pages that you start to believe, cause even though, intellectually, you know its bullshit, you know this person, they have a horrible life. But your eyes go, Its better than yours. [audience laughs] And then you feel like a loser. But its not. Its like if you show up 20 minutes early to a party, youre not a loser. Youre smart. ‘Cause they usually have the food out. [audience laughs] They have the food out and theyre still doing the setup. So you can get involved. You go, No, you carry on, dont worry about me. You look at their table, you go, Guacamole looks good. [laughs] [audience laughs] Im going to give it a go. [audience laughs] Just going to try it for her. Give her some valuable feedback if she needs it. So you grab a chip. Now, youre not a fool. You know to go in slow, right? [laughs] [audience laughs] Youve been around food before. [laughs] [audience laughs] Dont worry. When that chip breaks… [audience laughs] youre so disappointed in yourself, youre like, How am I this age and I cant nail a snack? [audience laughs] ‘Cause now you know youre in deep shit. You better get that chip out before she comes out. Dont want to fuck up the table before anyone else gets there. Youre gonna take another chip. But youre gonna take a strong one. You know, the… [audience laughs] No, cause you know the ones that are curved, the curved ones are structurally stronger than the others. [audience laughs] So, you take that curve. Also, pro-tip: they always have more flavor cause theyre sort of… Anyway, so… [audience laughs] So you take that chip. Now, you know, youre not a fool. Youre gonna go low and slow. Youre gonna go low and slow, and you want to slowly curve it around the original chip. Just make it a little… You dont want to go too close cause then it could structurally damage the… So, you just want to go… slight– When that second chip breaks… [audience laughs] …you question every decision youve ever made as an adult. I should probably not be alone. [audience laughs] ‘Cause now you know youd better get that out before she comes out. Youve got two chips in there. Youre not gonna take another chip, youre not an idiot. [audience laughs] Youre going to learn from your mistakes here. You dont want her to come out to two half dead chips in the guacamole with a fucking moat around it. [audience laughs] [laughing continues] [thumps] [audience laughs] When youre second knuckle in, she comes out and busts you. [audience laughs] Like youre at your high school dance… and you just lock eyes with each other. [laughs] [audience laughs] [laughs, snorts] [audience laughing] I love that slow realization. [laughing continues] Ooh… [laughs] [audience laughs] My hands still in the guacamole. [audience laughs] She walks out, she locks eyes with you. She looks at you, you look at her. She knows your hands in the guacamole, you know your hands in the guacamole. You look at each other, cause you dont know at what point… should you pull your hand out. [audience laughs] Theres no time like the present so you just pull it out. Now the bigger conundrum. Do you flick it or lick it? [audience roars] She just stares at you, never breaking eye contact looking over to you, just taking the bowl, going, I wasnt that happy with it anyway. [audience laughs] She walks in the kitchen, you can hear her throw it in the sink. You feel like such a loser cause you go, Its out of season for avos, that wouldve cost her $400. [audience laughs] Youre not a loser, but what you didnt realize that if you normally show up 20 minutes late, the guacamoles been sitting on the table for 40 minutes slowly getting to room temperature, and then its smooth as anything. You can fucking lift it with anything out of that bowl. [audience laughs] You can lift it with hopes and dreams into your mouth. [audience laughs] You dont know that because youre not a chef. Neither am I, but Im an enthusiast. [audience laughs] Youre not a loser if you say no, thanks to free stuff. I say no, thanks to free stuff all the time but now because we live in a time where there are people who are influencers and that is a job that just involves getting free shit all day, its unheard of when someone approaches you and goes, You want something free? and you go, No, thanks. Unless its a flyer or something. Youre like, No. [stammers] But I get offered stuff all the time and I go, No, thanks. And especially when I get on a plane, they always go, Do you want the exit row? Never business. Always the exit row. I go, No, thanks. [audience laughs] People– Ten people back will go, [aggressively] Did she just say no to the exit row? Theyre so angry when I go, No. I go, Yeah, I dont need it. Im five foot three. My knees have never touched another seat. [audience laughs] ‘Cause Im mainly torso, too. [audience laughs] Some airlines, my feet dont touch the ground. [audience laughs] Give it to someone that needs it. I dont feel Im trained enough to sit there anyway. I dont know where these air whores go to air school, but I havent been. [audience laughs] I dont think its enough when they come up to you before the flight and they go, Um… Did you read the A4 laminate? [audience laughs] And I go, No, I didnt because its pictures on there. [audience laughs] And you dont read a picture, you look at it. So am I now more trained than you? [audience laughs] Am I in charge of this flight? Im just here for the snacks, mate. You can… You can put me near the toilet, I dont care. Youre not a loser. Youre not a loser if you wake up seven oclock one morning and you go, Hmm. Todays a shit day. [audience laughs] Well, you know yourself, you dont need to live the whole day to know its gonna be a shit one [audience laughs] Sometimes you know before you open your eyes, youre like, Yeah, todays a shit one. [audience laughs] If you open your eyes seven oclock in the morning and you go, Fuck it. Im getting blackout drunk by three… [audience laughs] …then do it. Do it, its called self-care. Look after yourself. [audience laughs] Obviously, if thats a decision youve been making for the last 15 years every morning… [clicks cheek] …youve got a problem. [audience laughs] But if you do it once every 18 months to two years and go, Todays that day, do it. Why is it socially acceptable to start drinking at noon but not at 7:00 a.m.? [audience laughs] Like, if a friend rings you at 7:00 a.m., which would be weird, but if they ring and they go, Hey, what are you up to? I just poured myself a wine. [audience laughs] Theyll think youve lost your mind. But that same friend can ring you at noon and go, Hey, what are you up to? Oh. Just poured myself a wine. They go, Well, I guess its noon somewhere. You go, Its noon here, Cara. [audience laughs] I dont know why we put that amount of stress on ourselves because of a few fucking hours. Like, the amount of times Ive woken up and Ive taken that box wine and Ive put it on the kitchen counter… [audience laughs] …and I just look at it, and Im like, Should I take the tap out and let it breathe or…? [audience laughs] ‘Cause thats always the hardest thing with a box wine. You have to get the cover off and then you have to get that tap, and its always real in the box. Its like… You have to put your hand in so deep, I feel like Im working on a dairy farm. Like… [struggles] [audience laughs] I can feel a hoof! You get that tap out. A hundred percent of the time, the hole always faces there. [audience laughs] You have to pull the whole sack open, sort of slowly get the tap down. I feel I lost some of you as soon as I said box wine. [laughs] [audience laughs] You go, Fucking box wine? [laughing continues] [laughs] I dont care where you are in your life right now financially, but at some point, every single one of us drank box wine. [audience laughs] Yeah. [audience cheers and applauds] Maybe some of you are like, [formally] I have never. [chuckling smugly] [audience laughing] Yes, you have! If youve got bogan friends, youve had box wine. [audience laughs] [laughs] I love entertaining, right? I have people over to my house all the time. And then when they go, What should we bring? I always go, Just your good self, doll. And then what I do is I wash the labels off old wine bottles, and then I fill it with box wine. [audience laughs] [chuckles] And not to worry, Ill even mix you a rosé. [audience laughs] I do the whole shebang, right? [laughs] So… Not once in all these years have anyone during dinner gone, Excuse me. What fresh hell are we drinking here tonight? [audience laughs] No, they usually go, Mm! Where did you get this one? And I always go, On my travels. [audience laughs] And they assume… around the world. But just to the liquor store. [audience laughs] I mean, they know the next morning. Because you know the next morning after… [laughs] …a box wine, that hangover is completely fucking different to a good wine hangover. [audience laughs] You wake up after a good wine, right, and you have that hangover, you wake up, youre like, Woo! Oh, that Central Otago 2009, that… [audience laughs] …that pinot noir nutty goodness is going to come back and bite me at around 3:30. [laughs heartily] [audience laughing] [hearty laughing continues] But you know with box wine, you open your eyes, youre like, Woo! [audience laughs] Satan fucked my skull last night. [audience roars, applauds] And hes got a giant penis. [chuckles] [audience laughs] Youre not a loser. Drinking box wine is good for the whole family. When youre finished, you whip the box off, you give that to the cat, he plays with that. You blow up the bag and the kids play with that. Youre fucking mother of the year. [audience laughs] [audience applauds] Yeah. Youre not a loser… if after youve been to your mums house, maybe youve had a massive feed, youve had seconds, shes given you dessert. Shes even given you some leftovers in a little plastic bag because she doesnt trust you with her Tupperware. [audience laughs] [chuckles] Now you have to drive with a plastic bag of spaghetti next to you. [audience laughs] [giggles] Fuck, I hope Im not in an accident. This is going to be hard to explain. [laughing] [audience laughs] Youre full, and then you drive to the hardware store quickly cause you need a new tool belt. [audience laughs] [sighs, laughs] [audience laughs] As soon as you get out of the car, you smell it. You smell that sausage sizzle. Youre like, Yeah. When you get on a plane, right, youre not hungry, you just had a nine-course dégustation. Youre chockers. You go, Im so full. But as soon as you hear the wheels on the food cart, you panic! [audience laughs] You panic, youre like, [yelling] Chicken! Oh. [audience laughs] Thats what its like when you get out of your car at the hardware store, youre like… [sniffs] [longingly] Yes. Like, youre not there for the cuisine. [audience laughs] Lets not fuck around. Thats not good food. You know those sausages are basically vegan. [audience laughs] Theyre made from wood chip and goat spit… [audience laughing] …and the goat donated the spit. He just looked at that and went… [spits] Im not eating that. [audience laughs] But its because theres so much joy around there. As soon as you get it, you look at those people and theyre always happy, cause it takes a certain personality to go there every week and fucking turn sausages. [audience laughs] You look at them, theyre like… [laughing continues] [sighs] I want to be around that joy. You rummage around the car for a gold coin, you walk up to them, you give them a gold coin and then you… [thumps] …pop out your hand. There are very few instances where you as an adult can go up to another adult, put out your hand and go, Put food on that. [audience laughs] Ive already got a bag of spaghetti in the car. [laughing continues] They then take a napkin, put that in your hand, and then they put the thinnest white bread youve ever seen in your life on top of that. We call it magic bread at my house cause its impossible to put any spread on it. [audience laughs] You can try. But as soon as you do… [thumps] …the middles gone. [audience laughs] You cant even find it in the house. Its just gone. You just have this weird frame of what bread used to be. [audience laughs] So youve got your napkin. They put the magic bread, then they put some onion, some fried-up onion, and then they put the sausage, and then… [sputters] …tomato sauce over the top of that. Its never-been-near-a-tomato sauce, lets be fair, that shit glows in the dark. [audience laughs] Now youve got your food in your hand. Now, pro-tip: What you want to do is you want to go ahead and curve it. [audience laughs] You want to curve that whole scenario like this, cause if you keep it flat, its very hard to eat. [audience laughs] If you keep it flat, its called a situation. [audience laughs] But the minute you roll it, youve got a meal. [laughing continues] Now you walk into the hardware store and you look for other people like you. You look for the other sausage people. When you see them, youre like… [exhales in relief] [audience laughs] [inhales] We make the same decisions. [audience laughs] Were here… [laughs] …and we both have these. Yeah. [audience laughs] On your… No, tool belt. Tool belt, I mean. [audience laughs] Then you start eating and something magical happens as soon as you walk away from that barbecue. The onion is now freezing cold. [audience laughs] But the sausage will increase in heat. Theres… [audience laughs] I think its the glue that holds it together. [audience laughs] So you want to approach that sucker with caution when you eat. You approach with your teeth, like a hot potato, so you can breathe through the back of it. Like, get some air on that thing. [audience laughs] [sucks in air, exhales sharply] Its a very toothy approach, like your first blowjob. [audience laughs] You walk through the shop, youre about halfway through. You look and you go, Fuck, Im eating the napkin too. [audience laughs] Youre not a loser, thats where the nutrients lie. [audience laughs] [chuckling] But then… we do start… Do we have a snorter? Thats great! [audience laughs] I love how everyones, Its this lady here. [laughing continues] [laughs] Its like… Its not like she had a shit on the seat. [audience laughs] Ill just get some water. Ill just be walking over here, getting some of this every now and again. You know, whenever I take a sip like that, the wardrobe lady is downstairs going… [muttering softly] [audience laughs] …just in case I spill some of this water down my tits. [audience laughs] ‘Cause if you know me, theres a hundred percent chance that I can do that. This wasnt the top that I was supposed to wear tonight, but… [sighs] …I had a top that matched the pants. [audience laughs] But its got about half a liter of butter chicken on it. [audience roars] [chuckles] So, yeah, decisions were made. [exhales] [audience laughs] [laughs] I said to them, I go, Just let me wear the stained top because realistically thats how people will be seeing me in the future. [laughs] [audience laughs] It is very rare to see me in the street without food somewhere… on the tatas, but, um… [audience laughing] [clicks tongue] Apparently, thats a big fucking no-no. All right, uh… [laughs] …here we go. Now, there are things that we do that we think were nailing and were not. Like thongs. Jandals. [audience chuckles] Flip-flops. Plakkies. Thats what we call them in South Africa. You know, we will never have world peace… unless we can agree on a name for these shoes. [audience laughs] Nowhere where you go in the world are they called the same. You could get on a plane right now, fly somewhere youve never been before, get off, go to a shop and go, Excuse me. Im looking for those summer shoes… [audience laughs] …that you can get your toes through like that. And then, Oh, youre talking… [hoots sharply] [audience laughs] We dont even question why the fuck its called that. We just go, Yeah. I was hoping to buy some blue… [whines sharply] [audience laughs] Now, the thing with those shoes, they dont come with instructions, and the thing is, they really should. [audience chuckles] ‘Cause I never owned a pair of those cause I grew up on a farm in South Africa where we have snakes and scorpions and shit. So, you cant have any of that. So the first time I ever bought a pair of those was when I was in my mid-thirties, thirteen years ago in New Zealand. And no one stopped me. Like, I bought them, no one, as I got to the door, went, Hey. Have you used those before? [audience laughs] You go, No, I havent. Come here. Hey, just so you know… if a drop of moisture gets on the inside of that shoe… [chuckles] …youre dead. [audience laughs] Oh, and if a drop of moisture gets on the outside of that shoe… [chuckles] …youre dead. [audience laughs] Oh, and dont think for a second that you can run… [audience laughing] …from your car… during a thunderstorm… [audience laughs] …into the mall… where theyve gone ahead and tiled it. [audience laughs] ‘Cause whether youre physically prepared or not, youre gonna do the full fucking splits. [audience laughs] Youre like, Oh, okay, cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool… Cool. As you walk out, they go, Oh, one more thing. Just so you know, those shoes? [laughs] Theyre only for forward motion. [audience laughs] We call them one-directional. [chuckles] [audience laughs] Yeah. Oh, you want to take a step to the side? [laughing] Youre dead. [audience laughs] You want to take a step back? My uncle tried that. Hes dead. [laughing continues] Those shoes are so complex, man. They should come with a warning and someone to live with you for, like, a week after you buy them. I bought a pair, my wife and I took our two kids down to Fielding, where shes from. Its a small farming community in the middle of the North Island of New Zealand. [man cheers] Its not as exciting as that person makes it out to be. [audience laughs] Like, nothing happens there every half an hour and it usually lasts about an hour. [audience laughs] So we took our kids and we showed them around a bit and then after two minutes, we were done and, uh… [audience laughing] I… I went and strapped my two-year-old back into the car, you know, his little vaccinated arse back into the car seat. [audience laughs] And I forgot that I was wearing these death booties, right? So you know the movement after you strap them in, you have to take a side step so you can close the door cause theyre too weak to pull the door shut, arent they? [audience chuckles] But as soon as I took that side step, my body just went, Okay, were gonna go ahead and, uh… [audience laughing] …go ahead and put you down at this point. [audience laughs] Uh… Youre gonna go on your ass. And my brain just went, I… I cant stop this. You, uh… [audience laughs] You are on your own. I was falling down so slowly that I had time to move shit out of this pocket to this pocket. [audience laughing] I could move my handbag over and I was just walking it out. Just walking it out. I fell over so slowly, my wife had time to walk around the car, look at me and go, What are you doing? [audience laughs] I said, Im falling over. [audience laughs] She took out her phone, took a few photos of me and sent it to everyone in our WhatsApp group. And I learned something valuable that day. I learned that Im officially at the age-weight ratio where I no longer fall over. [audience laughs] I had a fall. [audience laughs] You dont know when it will happen to you. Even five years ago, my friends would have gone, Were you drunk? [snickers] [audience laughs] Now I get all these concerned emojis and… [audience laughing] Mate, are you all right? I believe you had a fall. Im like… [laughing continues] No, bitch, I was wearing my death booties. I forgot. The other thing that we think were nailing and were fucking not, are puffer jackets. And especially… [laughs] [audience laughing] …especially Melbourne, you are so bad for puffer jackets. You know, today, I would classify todays weather as mild. Like, if you were one of those people that can feel the chill, maybe a long-sleeved T-shirt is for you. [audience laughs] You know what I saw today? Two ladies walked past me and both of them had those puffer jackets that come down to mid-calf. Zipped up. [audience laughs] I mean, that is a bold fucking statement if you zip it up. Sometimes you go, Look, I had it at work, my hands are full so now Im carrying it home and its open so I still get a breeze on. When you zip it up, youre saying to people, Im fucking cold. [audience laughs] But I looked at those women and I thought, What have you heard? I mean, honestly, wouldnt it just be spectacular come three oclock… [puffs air] …massive storm, were up to our earlobes in snow. [audience laughs] And just these two bitches going, Fucking knew it. [audience laughs, applauds] They designed those jackets so people in Antarctica dont freeze to death. Like, if youve got a colleague whos a sherpa, you need to get one of those. [audience laughs] But if youve got a colleague named Brian who cant cope with a cup of fucking tea, youre fine. [audience laughs] Light layering is in your future. Get a cardigan and a scarf. Youre fine. So confusing when I come here cause I always fly into Australia then go straight to the hotel. Its all air conditioned. And then at some point, I go, I should go for a walk, I wonder whats happening with the weather. And then you look out the window at the people in the street and you go, Yeah. [audience chuckles] Its impossible to tell. [audience laughs] ‘Cause two thirds of you are wearing puffer jackets with shorts and death booties! [audience laughs and applauds] I dont know whats going on. We preparing for snow or backyard cricket? [audience laughs] You know, we all do stupid shit on a daily basis. That doesnt make you a loser. Just cause youre having a tough time in your life doesnt make you a loser. I think the only true losers in our society are those people who go online and attack people for shit that they cannot help. Like, if youve ever gone online and attacked someone for the way they look, what the fuck is wrong with you? Like– During the Olympics, right, a woman won a gold medal. I read the article, good on her. And then I had a brain fart and I clicked on the comments section. [audience laughs] If you want to lose hope in humanity, click on the comments section of your newspaper and just read that. The very first comment said, Yeah, good on her, but what a dog. [audience oohs] I clicked on this mans profile and I thought, Hes no oil painting. [audience laughs] Unless someone smudged him at birth. [audience laughs] Like– The confidence youd need to rock… If youre gonna attack someone for their looks, youd better be fucking hot. [audience laughs] Not even average looking. Fucking smoking hot. [audience laughs] ‘Cause then if you click on their profile, Yeah, all right, fair call. [audience laughs] But I dont understand attacking someone for their looks because its not like she made herself. Like, if we made ourselves, wed be stunning. I would be so beautiful, you wouldnt be able to look at me. [audience laughs] I wouldnt need to be introduced by anyone. Youd know Im coming cause youre coming. [audience laughs] Yeah. [audience applauds] Hes going, Oh, shes coming cause Im coming! [laughing and applause continues] [man cheers] If you truly have a problem with the way someone looks, look up their dad on Facebook and go, Hey, bro, what happened? [audience laughs] Or attacking someone for their sexuality. ‘Cause you know thats not a choice. Oh, God. You know thats not a choice? [audience laughs] [chuckles] I thought, Fuck me, this is the audience… [laughs] [audience laughs] This is the audience thats gonna break me, like, It is a choice. [audience laughs] Were here from the Baptist Church and, uh… [laughing continues] …we believe it is a choice and youve been making the wrong choice. [laughs] [audience laughs] Were here to put hands on you. [laughing] You know its not a choice. Sexuality is not a choice. If it was a choice, there wouldnt be a straight woman alive. [audience laughs, applauds] Like, no offense to men. No offense to men, I love you guys, but have you seen your balls? [audience roars] [laughs] Those arent your biggest asset. [laughs] [audience laughing] [chuckling] Theyre an acquired taste. [audience laughs] I reckon the first– If it was a choice, if sexuality was a choice, the first time a woman walks into her room where theres a naked man, shed go Oh. [audience laughs] Oh… Oh… [stammers] Uh… [exhales slowly] [laughing continues] Im gonna go look for some puss. Uh… [audience laughs] Im gonna leave you with that. [audience laughs] Do you know how hard it is to explain what balls look like to a gold-star lesbian? [audience laughs] Do you guys know what a gold star is? [woman cheers] Okay, a gold star is a gay person who has never slept with anyone from the opposite sex. They only sleep with their own kind, the way God would want it. [audience laughs] [audience applauds] [laughs] So– Oh, wait, actually, gay dudes can be platinum stars. They are ones that have never slept with anyone from the opposite sex and they were born via cesarean. [audience laughs] So, even on the day they came out, they had a look and went, Fuck no! [audience laughing] Take me out through the sunroof! [audience laughs] [audience applauds] [chuckles] So… Do you know how hard it is for me to explain to a gold-star lesbian what balls look like? ‘Cause Ive seen a fair few in my fucking time. [audience laughs] I go, Well, basically, its like… [stammers] Its like… [laughs] [audience laughs] Its like… two rotten kiwi fruit… [audience laughing] [chuckles] …had a baby with some old tea bags and they just keep getting longer and longer and longer. You guys have been amazing! Thank you so much for having me. [audience cheers] Thank you, Melbourne! [audience applauds] [rock music playing] [applause continues] [cheering continues] 

GEORGE LOPEZ@WELL DO IT FOR HALF@2020@San Francisco, its my honor to introduce to you the voice of our generation, my big homie, El Más Chingón, George Lopez! Qué chingados. [audience cheering] I said, qué chingados! [audience cheering] For those of you who dont understand… Same shit. Let me tell you a little bit about myself. My name is George Lopez. [audience cheering and applauding] I have one kidney thats not mine… and dementia runs in my family, so I didnt come here to fuck around, San Francisco! [audience cheering and applauding] Theres a thing going on here with the way the shit is right now. Thats my politics, The way the shit is. I gotta tell you the way shit is right now. People who have served this country, Latino veterans, have been deported from the United States of America. That cannot happen. Thats bullshit. Anybody thats willing to die for this country should be able to live in this country. You hear what Im saying? You hear what Im saying? [audience cheering and applauding] If you take care of peoples kids and you spend more time with fucking their kids than with your own… you should be allowed to live in this country. [audience cheering and whooping] You want to talk about a pathway to citizenship? We already have it. Its called the panocha. If youre born here, you fucking stay here. The panocha path… The pathway to citizen– What about cesarean section? También. Los dos. [audience laughs] Were not those people, you know. Hard-working. Dont fucking demonize us. Listen, ICE and all that bullshit Homeland Security… If they want to do all that bullshit, if they want to deport people… [audience booing] Dont… [man in audience] They are putos! -Im on your side, relax. [audience laughs] Dont fucking go on at me. I wrote it. I know whats coming. Dont go to the works, dont go to the schools, dont go to the jobs. All right? Let the people in the families decide. Let them Latinos decide… who gets deported. [audience laughs] Because we all have relatives that we like… and some that youre like, Hey. Four oclock in the morning, Tía, wake up. They want you. Who? Mexico. What? Mexico wants me? Yeah, come on. Tío también, lets go. They want you. El Salvador. Salvador? El Salvador, come on, lets go. Tía, you dont need a bra. Go like that. [audience laughs] Fucking all… Fucking legañas. Now, you know, the police… Theyve got to be smarter to be Latino. Before we could just pretend not to speak English. Now, because of ICE, you fucking get pulled over, they dont ask for drivers license or registration, they fucking get to it. Do you speak English? Youre like, Ay! Under your breath, Qué culo, chinga! [in Spanish accent] Yes. [audience laughs] I can stay? Órale. I can stay? Oh, my God! I mean… That used to be the go-to. Back in the day, you could pretend not to speak English. The cop would pull you over. You wanna get out the car? Pero no entiendo. Fuck. Okay, go. I dont know. I dont know what theyre saying. We used to pretend to not speak English. They would let us go. Now they hit you with a fucking palo, that nightstick. Thatll get the English out. Get out of the car. Pero no entiendo. [thumps] Oh, you want me to get out of the car? [audience laughs] Oh, my God! Hijo de la chingada, dude. I got it. Asking to leave a fucking chipote on my fucking ass. This is how great people from other countries are. Not us. Were all used to being here. People who come here. I had a guy working on my roof, two stories. He fell back. Fell off my house and landed on his back. [thumps] Fuck, I went out there. He fucking apologized to me… for falling off my fucking house. Im like, Are you all right? He goes, Ay, perdón. What? You fell off my house! He goes, Dont fire me! Im like, What the fuck? Then he says some crazy shit. He goes, Ill stay over time for the time I was in the air. [audience laughs] What the fuck? I said, Where can I get fucking ten more? He said, Honk the horn! [imitates honking] You know, they say that Rome wasnt built in a day. They say Rome wasnt built in a day. As a chicano, I say, hey, they fucking hired the wrong people. [audience laughs] [audience cheering] You didnt need permits? You didnt need permits. Fuck, at 9:30 in the morning, Yeah, we finished the Colosseum. Qué más? You want where people can sit down? Hey, the future is– All that bullshit with a wall… I dont know. Maybe theyre waiting for permits. I dont know. Me and about five vatos, we couldve already built that fucking wall like that! Wed be done. We wont build it so heavy that it crushes the fucking tunnels that we have under. [exclaims] [audience member whistling] Pásale! You know… Ill tell you, man. You fuck with street vendors and panhandlers now– You can have a guy out there, Spare change? Spare change? And they always get defended. Maybe hes mentally ill? Oh, yeah? Some vato trying to sell you nine pounds of fucking fruit for five dollars isnt crazy? [audience laughs] Even when you say, How much is it? Five dollars. Ta loco! That fuckers crazy. Listen, we all have a fucking incredible sense of humor, the Latinos, because people in our families are sometimes funnier than the other fucking people you meet in real life. [audience laughs] I had a tío. My tío was fucking crazy. He got hit by a woman in a hit and run. And the woman took off and they called the police. And the police told my uncle, Hey, can you describe her? My uncle was like… Yeah, I mean, you know, Id fuck her. Ta buena. Huh, George? Ta buena. Yeah, write that down. Que estaba buena la cabrona. With a star, so they know. You know… And everythings a joke. The doctor, you know, the doctors like, Have you ever had a sexually transmitted disease? Hes like… [audience laughs] What do you think? You hear that, Doctor? What do you think? Remember cuando me salieron los granos? [audience laughs] Dont write that down. They dont want to listen to the fucking doctor. They told him… They told him, You have a fucking enlarged liver, youve got cirrhosis. Youve got gangrene in your pata. They said, If you drink you will die. My uncle went like this to the doctor, Oh… Fuck him. Lets go. He sees me one time, he fucking thinks he knows me. Fuck him. What if I drink? Youre not gonna fucking be there. You wont know. Dont waste my time with bullshit. You know. Its all different. Were not trying to live forever. We dont want to go to the doctor. We dont want to know if were sick. We know. All right? I know what this sounds like… [gasping] In the middle of the night… [gasping] Your fucking pata, your shoes dont fit on Monday morning. You know. You might have high blood pressure. Too much salt. We put salt on the food and we havent even fucking tasted it. The minute it lands… [audience laughs] We just eat. We dont want to know. Listen, prostate cancer– This is where I lose all the dudes. Prostate cancer is the number-one killer of Latino men because the only way they can check is… [whistles] Por atrás. Your fucking dad or your uncles like, Chale! No way. Id rather be dead than have somebody touching my culo. Sober? No. Nope, not sober. Chale. Maybe catch me when I get home, before I change, before we go to sleep. No. They still drink, they still do all that shit. He went to the bathroom like ten times a night. After like ten years, my tías like, You got to go to the doctor. After ten years. The doctor looks at him, You have prostate cancer. He looks at his wife, You fucking heard what he told me? You heard? I heard. Tell her because I heard that I have prostate cancer. Chinga! You made me come to the doctor, and fucking now I got prostate cancer. [audience laughs] Ah, fuck. I didnt have it yesterday, but fucking today… I got it. I couldnt even feel… Touching… Touching… We dont wanna live forever. Were not trying to make sure that everything we eat is good for us. We know. Listen… When you go to a Mexican restaurant, you already know that we cook with… Fuck it, man, take a look at us. We fuck obesity up. By the third grade, we already said goodbye. See you later, obesity. Fuck, I passed you. And then little Latinos are all fat, you know. You try to make them feel better. Youre like, Mira, mijo, you were… You were going to be twins. Thats why youre… you know. You dont hear a voice telling you youre full, no? You might listen, it might be your sister, but theyre trying to tell you. Bigger chichis than everybody in the family at 11. Hey, tetas, come out here. [audience laughs] Thats how you get your nickname. You shit in your pants one time, youre Caca for the rest of your life. It could be a grown man, fucking Caca. Guess whos getting married. Who? Caca. Fuck! Cacas getting married? And his wife is pregnant. Chingado! Theyre gonna have fucking Cacitas running around. Cacas getting married, huh? Shit. Fucking Caca. Good for Caca. We all know. Our parents… Shit, we were raised by the original body-shamers. They didnt give a fuck what age you were. Theyd be leaving for work, Hey, you two fat fuckers right there. [audience laughs] You better not be on that couch when I get home. Gordo One and fucking Gordo Two. You hear me? We would answer, Yeah. All right. Fucking clean yourselves, come on. Try your shoes on, see if they fit. Its already been two days. My grandmother raised me. She lived to be 89. She had, uh… Dementia got her. Fuck, chinga. This is how bad Latinas are, older Latinas. The doctor said, You have Alzheimers. She stood up and goes, Can I go? I said, Did you hear what he said? My grandma said, Wait a minute. Fucking do you have it or do I? [audience laughs] I asked you for a fucking ride, I didnt ask for your fucking opinion. And then I said, Whats going to happen? The doctor said, Youre going to start to forget places, youre going to start to forget people… My grandma was, Wait a minute. Mira, you dont know me… and you dont know my life. This is for both of you. She looked at us as she said, I cant fucking wait to forget people. [audience laughs and applauds] Then she looked at me and goes, Come on, Larry, lets get the fuck out of here! If youre looking for sympathy, youre not gonna find it… in the Latino community. You could be fucking crying and they go, Whats the matter with you? Fuck! The doctor… The doctor told me that I have cancer. Youre like, Whoo! Whats the matter with you? Fuck, I thought you were gonna tell me I had it. Hey, dont be fucking crying. Look at me. Youve got me all… Fuck! How long did he give you? Uh, three months. Oh, so youre not going to be here for Valentines Day? [audience laughs] Fuck, it is my birthday about that day. Youre not gonna be here? Why? You dont wanna be here or because the doctor told you youre not going to fucking be here? Aguántate. Fuck. Hey, come on. Its a different culture. You know, I think white dudes, their goal is to walk their daughter down the aisle. I just want to be there… [sniffles] …on Kelseys big day. All fucking Latino dudes, were like, I just want to outlive everybody that fucking hates me. [audience laughs] The fuck, yeah. Aguántate, cabrón. My grandmother found me making a list of people that I wanted to kill. And she said, What the fuck? Let me see, pendejo. What is this? A list of people you want to kill? Mira, the first two, pendejo, theyre already dead. These two here. And the last two are on my list. Come on, Ill fucking help you. [audience laughs] Its a different… Its a different vibe. You know. We dont want to live forever. We just want to live right now. And were so easy. My uncle would just get mad. You could just make up a situation. You go, Tío, who would win between… Annabelle… and La Llorona? Who do you think? Fuck, La Llorona would beat the shit out of fucking Annabelle. Thats a fucking doll. Mira, shed drown her own fucking kids. You dont think shell fuck a doll up? Fuck, you changed. You changed. I rescue, uh… I rescue dogs. [audience cheering and applauding] I didnt say I love dogs. I said I rescue them. Theres a difference. Pinche perros. Latino gets mad for a dog doing the shit its supposed to do. Hes barking… [barks] Hey, shut the… They have some CBD treats. For dogs. CBD… treats for dogs. I gave some to my dogs about six months ago. Not a fucking sound. Theyre in the house, like… [audience laughs] [shushing] ‘Cause dogs show respect. Dogs love you. They dont care what you look like. You could be feito. You could be… Theyre the best. Theyre the best. ‘Cause we dont do good with emotional-support animals. Thats not… Thats not a good thing for our culture. My uncle was walking around with a fucking goat. I thought it was… an emotional-support animal. He had it under his arm. Then I saw him, he didnt have it. Que pasó? Wheres the goat? Fuck, he was delicious. [audience laughs] He was emotionally supporting me. We all felt… so much love for him after we were done eating. Ay! Thats who we are. You know, youre going to get older, you got to make sure that youre aware of whats happening with you. When you get older, when guys get older… When youre young, your bodys tight. No sounds come out. Nothing. Culo… [sucks air] tight. Its 18. Nice. You get older, youre walking. Hey, open this thing for me. Opening some pickles in the summer. Youre turning… [imitates farting] They come into the kitchen, What? [sniffs deeply] Who bought the pickles that smell like shit? Take em back. Take em back. And tell them that they smell like shit. Take em back. You try to stay young and you cant. Youre walking, pedos come out. [imitates farting] [imitates farting] You go to the bathroom, you think youre done pissing, more piss comes out. [exclaims] Its like trying to learn how to drive stick all over you. So be happy when youre young. Live every day… as the greatest day of your life. Live every day. [audience cheering] Live! Dont wait to be sick to want to live. Fucking live when youre fucking healthy. Thats when youre really living. Youre not worried about anybody else. Youre doing your own shit, you know? You get older, your kids grow up. They love you, not fighting any more. You know, youre not drinking to black out. The holiday season, any holiday, fucking somebodys blacked out. Next morning you wake up, somebodys got a black eye. Youre like, Chinga! What happened to you? [breathes heavily] You fucking asshole. Thats probably what it was. A bad attitude to have, you cant…. talk like that to people. Theyre gonna fuck you up. But thats us. Listen, this is… how we live, you know. Now kids dont understand it. You know, they… theyre into the… You know, Halloween, nobody can wear a mask because you might scare the other kids. Listen, if your fucking kid is so stupid he dont know that thats really… not the fucking Wolverine sitting next to him, pull that motherfucker out of school… and save your money. Fucking homeschool them. Get a storage unit so he can take care of your stuff. He can be right there. Fucking Halloween is the last holiday that we… Listen, Latino, we trick or treat into our fucking early, mid-50s. We dont even want candy, we just want to look in your house. [thumping] Fuck. Ta bonito. Fuck. How many… How many fucking lamps do you guys need? Fuck, theyve got plenty of shit. Homemade costumes. Fucking your dads boots. Some dish-washing gloves. Some racquetball glasses. You will knock on the door. They open the door. Fuck, chingados! Who are you supposed to be? Im self-made. [audience laughs] Trick-or-treat and are there any odd jobs that we could… I noticed some tiles loose on the driveway. Si or no? The crazy thing about our parents when you see people is that all the parents are nice now. Its almost like having two moms. You know, You can do whatever you want. Be careful. Fucking, our parents, they could be mean and nice at the same time. You wanna do me a favor? Get the fuck out of here. Thank you. Thats why I say teach your kids good from bad. Teach them right from wrong. And most importantly, teach those fucking pendejos the difference between fireworks… and gunfire. We know. We already know. We know what a fucking sparkler fucking sounds like. When we hear a fucking… [imitates gunfire] Youre fucking already gone. Its different. Listen, one thing we dont do is we dont disrespect our parents. This has never been done. Or stepparents. Let me cover all the bases. You know, we dont talk back. I was in the airport and this little kid said to his mom, I hate you. And everybody in airport was like, Oh! Then we looked and the lady was crying. Were like, What the fuck? Hey! Fuck his ass up. Thats the only way hes gonna learn. Fuck him up. And everybody in the airport was going, Fuck him up! Fuck him up! Fuck him up! Then the fucking Latinos came up. ? A la bimba, a la boom A la bim, bom, ba ? ? Chingazos, chingazos ? ? Ra, ra, ra ? [audience whooping and cheering] And she said, Ive never hit him in his life. I said, All right, then. You get on the plane and well fuck him up. [audience laughs] Because hes gotta get fucked up. Better he do it with some people that are flying with him. One time I told my grandmother, when I was eight, oh, I said, I hate you! And she mustve had one in the chambers. You hate me? Mira, cabrón. I fucking hated you first. Come on, fucking get it out. Get it out. I can take it. Let it out, cabrón. I hated you when you were born. When I went to the hospital… When you were born, I went to the maternity, I said, ‘Which is my grandson? The third one? Come on. Get it out. Cabrón, I hated you when they were fucking making you. In the house, I could hear… [moans] You know what I said? ‘Fucking swallow them!' [audience laughs] Thats how you get respect. All this bullshit. When Latina husbands die, they never get remarried. Cabrón, they wanna be… They wanna feel the pain. [moans] Today is the day that my world ended. What? What the fuck are you talking about? Todays the day… that the love of my life… went to heaven. Youre like, What the fuck are you… The cat? [audience laughs] My husband, pendejo. He could be the worst fucking guy when he was alive, but when he dies, youre like, Who the fuck are they talking about? Who are you talking about? My husband, chinga cabrón. Tía, didnt he light you on fire? [audience laughs] But the food wasnt ready. Mira, dont blame him, all right? Tía, at the fucking park, he hit you… in the back… with a shovel. I didnt duck, fucking smart-ass. Never be alone. Find somebody that you love. Dont spend the rest of your life alone. We all have that tía thats fucking sad. Dont even– Shes not gonna put eyebrows on any more. It just… Just a blank face. Im so excited. You cant tell. Go in there and put some fucking lines up. Because heartache is not for old people. Heartbreak is for the young. My tío broke up with his girlfriend. Hes fucking 63 years old, looking in her window. Chivo viejo. The fucking lady came out, Whos out there? Hes like, I cant. Fucking pedo. [imitates farting] I smell shit. Whos out here? Because when you get older, your culos the first thing that goes. Sad. When women have babies… Let me say this. The vagina that youve made love to… is the same one thats in the delivery room, pero no parece. They… They dont resemble each other at all. The one thats in there, its all swollen, its changing color. The fucking nurse is like, It looks like you. Fuck you, bitch. I dont look like that. Do I got shit all over me? Ive got insurance, so dont fucking talk to me like that. When… When you made love, ella era chiquito. Perfect, you know. If youre gabacho, youre white, a little piece of carrot cake. If youre black, red velvet. Chinito, fortune cookie. [audience laughs] If youre a Latino, pedazo de flan. [audience laughs] [audience cheering] That is the best flanocha. No bubbles, that is the best… flanocha I think Ive ever had. Its a different thing. Those kids grow up. We dont baby-proof the house. Youll be in the living room and from the kitchen youll hear… [screams] You go in there, fucking babys backed into the hot stove. Mira, cabrón, this is where you backed in last year. You see your skin from last year? And this is where you backed in right now. So youre that much taller… from last year. Youre not smarter because you fucking did it again. But youre taller. Raise your kids to eat what they make. Whatever your parents made, you ate. Fucking 11 months old with a fucking chile relleno in the crib. Fucking cheese wrapped around your head. I dropped my beer! Hey! Watch out, I dropped my beer. Fucking baby monitors are the other babies, they go, Tell em that I dropped my beer. Hurry! No, you dont need a diaper. Fucking go tell em. All of that shit. Latinas, beautiful women, maybe the most beautiful. [audience cheering] Maybe the most beautiful in the world. [audience whistling and cheering] I wouldnt want to be fucking married to one. They dont wait for compliments. They fucking compliment themselves. They get dressed, come out, Im losing weight, huh? [audience laughs] I am, huh? Fucking fishing. Mira from right here. Yeah. They fucking let you go somewhere with your friends, they follow you to the car, Hey, and youre fucking lucky that Im letting you go. Im not talking to you. Fucking take off. Take off before I fucking change my mind. Take off. Take off. And if you fucking drink too much, dont take a fucking Uber or a Lyft. Fuck. Like a fucking man, aguántate. Make it home. You get pulled over by the police, youre there like… They say, Can you do the alphabet backwards? Everybody in the car are like, Fuck, they got him! Shh! The alphabet backwards? [audience laughs] A. B. How much… C. You end up fucking being a caretaker for all of your relatives. None of them want to go to a nursing home. None of them want to leave their house. So somebody falls in the house. Youre watching TV and fucking upstairs you hear… [thumping] Ay! Youre outside the room. Tía, are you all right? Me caí. I fell. Ay! I fell, George. Dont come. Me zurré. I shit a lot. Me salió la caca. Youre in the fucking hallway… [gags] You cant even smell it yet, but youre… [gags] You shouldnt be… [gags] Dont talk. I… Its all over my back! [retches] Youre fucking down the hall! [retches] Where are you? [retches] Life Alert, thats some fucked-up shit right there. If youre a white lady and you give your mom a fucking Life Alert, you just telling her, Hey, Mom. Weve officially abandoned you. So when you fall, nobodys gonna fucking be there to pick you up. Thats why you have that place to call. Help. Ive fallen. Fucking operator gets on. Listen, lady, this is the fifth time that you have fallen this week. Your husband and your son only paid for three falls… a week. So were not going to be able to pick you up until the start of the next billing period. You wanna talk to a manager? All right. No. When somebody falls in our family, after were done laughing, we pick them up and send them back to the fucking kitchen. Vámonos, cabrona. How did you get out of that kitchen? A place for Mom. I got a place for Mom by the fucking comal. Get your… You know, none of us can accept… None of us can accept compliments. You get a compliment in front of your mom. What makes you love George? I just love… I love his laugh. Its so cute. Youre like, Fuck that. No, I dont. I dont have a cute laugh. Well, hes so sharing. Him? And they never like who you like. You show them a picture of anybody. I used to point out women to my grandma. Id go, What about that one right there? Puta. [audience laughs] Yeah. What about that one right there? That one? También fucking whore. Look at the way she walks. Thats the way I walked when I was young. And I was a whore too, so I know. Thats the walk. You get old… Listen, when you get old, you have kids. Whenever you have a kid, its the best day in your life. [audience member shouts] It depends. Because some of them are little fucking cabrones. Thats a fucking… a horrible price to pay for not pulling out. Fucking… How old is he gonna be… Forever? Ah… Now you tell me. I wouldve fucking took it out! We ate what was in the refrigerator. Fucking shit could be in there for two years. They could even stop making it. You go in there and look at the milk. Youre like, What the… This milk is from July. And theres your mom right there. Oh, okay, so at school, you dont wanna fucking learn. But at home, you fucking cant stop reading. Huh? Fuck that! Fucking Rosetta Stone. You cant fucking stop… You can stop learning, huh? And you couldnt say there was nothing to eat because theyll find fucking something for you to eat. In the back of the refrigerator in a packet, one fucking hot dog covered in fat. Todo quemado from the light. They pull it out. Eat that. Fuck, thats covered in fat. And youre not? Son of a bitch. Mira, cabrón. Go to the bathroom and take your shirt off and look in the mirror, and come back and apologize to that fucking hot dog. Apologize to the hot dog! Fucking apologize to a fucking hot dog? Every day somebody, you know, comes up and says some stupid shit to you. In the elevator… Listen, nobody wants to talk in the elevator. Thats why people do this shit. You learn those lessons. I said to this guy, Im only in town till tomorrow. This dude looked at me and said, Good, thats more than enough time for you to go fuck yourself. [audience laughs] And thats how you learn not to talk in the fucking elevator. Somebody said to me, Have you taken a spin class? Im like, What the fuck? What? A spin class? I said, Hey. Mira, fucking Mexicans, if we ride a bike, an hour later, we cant be in the same fucking place. We got to be an hour away. When youre done with the class, youre in the same place, getting your fucking culo… Where did you go? I was riding the bike right here. Were fucking waiting for you over there! Fucking right… I told you that bike didnt go nowhere. Thats what it is. Listen. And were trying to eat right. No Latinos want to live forever, but we still enjoy our food. Were not going to live forever, so enjoy  your food, eat what you want to eat. Fuck it, order the fucking cow! [moos] Now its getting fucking ridiculous. Now you go to a Mexican restaurant, youll hear people, theyll be like, Hi, señor. Fucking waiters been there 40 years. He is waiting. Hi, these chicken tacos, um, was the chicken humanely put down? Qué, qué? Was he… humanely put down? Yeah. We pet him until he died. [audience laughs] Were not trying to live forever. We dont know our cholesterol. The first time we ever take our blood pressure is at the market. They have that free machine. You put your arm in there. You push the button. That shit starts filling up with air. [imitates air filling] Ay! When the number comes up, everybodys trying to look. Hey, fucking back away. Thats my number. What is it? What it was last year, 280 over… 125. It says Im supposed to be dead, pero mira… Got a lot of shit to do. I cant be dead. We dont want to go to the doctor. We dont want to know. Now, I think the craziest thing in our culture right now is the gender… reveal… party. If white people could not be fucking whiter, to have a fucking gender… reveal… party, where all the families are around. Theyre like… Pop the balloons, Dylan! Dylan! Fucking Latinos, we dont care pink or blue. Is it ours? Is it mine? Bring him over here. He better be fucking darker when he gets over here cause he looks pretty light over there. We dont get wrapped up in all that shit. The people that take pictures of their food… at a restaurant, and then send a picture to you. Youre not at the restaurant. But they send the picture of the food to you. Youre at home and you get a picture of a fucking steak. And youre not there. So get a picture of some caca, send it back. [audience laughs] Fuck is this? Thats before and after, motherfucker. Ill see your fucking steak. Then you send a picture of your palito. Youre like, Hey, thats for dessert. Anybody want some? Ill bring you some dipping sauce right there. Nobody cares. Everybody talking shit. I was in New York and youre eating a hot dog of course. Everybody fucking has to look. This man says, Oh, you know, once you know what a hot dog is made of, youd never want to eat another one. Oh, yeah? Well, I know what a panocha does, I still eat that. [audience laughs and applauds] So mind your own fucking business, pinche viejo. If youre going to spend time with your child reading bedtime stories that dont make any fucking sense, use that time to tell your kid that they can be whatever they want in this world. That they matter. [audience cheering and applauding] That their voice will always be heard. And for them to be happy first. Because… if youre going to tell them a fucking fairy-tale, tell them that one. Listen, they didnt prepare us for the life inside the house. They prepared us for the life outside in the world. You know. Were prepared for any fucking situation. So teach your kids to have respect. Teach your kids to behave themselves in public. [audience cheering and applauding] Tantrums? Not us. I didnt have a tantrum till about fifty… I was fifty… three years old, my grandmother had been dead for seven years. I still look around. [sniffs] I smell fucking Oil of Olay. Is she around somewhere? Thats who they are. Fuck! Hey, this year, the first women went to space. They did a space walk, two women… for the first time ever. And I bet their husbands were like, Fuck, theyre still not far away enough, huh? Shit. Let us know when they come into the Earths atmosphere so we can start fucking cleaning. And change the baby. [audience cheering] I think… I think in our lifetime, I think there might be… a Latino president, I think. If this fucking puto can be president, fucking anybody can be fucking president. Your fucking tío. Everything is free. Qué pasó? I cant do that? Órale. Wed take care if we fucking get a Latino president. A Latina better. [audience cheering] The president, youll never see that motherfucker. Hell never leave the White House. Go back home. You went out last night. You know you dont go out two nights in a row. If they wanna talk to you, they can fucking come over here. All right? Youre not going. Give me that phone. Ill tell them youre not going. Thats who we are. Listen, this country is better than what it is right now. Listen, you cant have people call the fucking police on other people just because theyre some place that you dont like where they are. This country… We need to start to go back to minding our own fucking business and just letting people do their shit. [audience cheering and applauding] You got fucking white people that call the police on black people in Starbucks. Theyre all fucking scared. Hi. Theyre in here. Please help. I cant talk. I cant talk. Im going to use coffee codes, okay? Theres four espressos. Two horchatas just walked in. And three micheladas. Oh, my God, hurry! Soy sauce, soy sauce. Hurry! Fuck that shit. Listen. Thats bullshit. Everything thats happened in this country that has been domestic terrorism has not been done by any African-American people or Latino people. [audience cheering and applauding] Mass shooters? Not us. We dont like to walk into a room where we dont know nobody. When you walk in… Yeah… no, Im cool. Im all right. I thought my tía was in here. Ill be back. Not us. Shooting up a school? Never. And we fucking hate school. Youd think… Youd think wed be the first kids to shoot a fucking school up. Were having a test. No, were not. [imitates gunfire] If we shot up a school, we wouldnt shoot kids. Wed shoot where they keep the fucking attendance records. Theyre right there. [imitates gunfire] You go back after school. Theyre like, Do you remember what your grade point average was? Mine? Oh. It was high in a combo. It was up there. I think it was… combo 21-point… 21.5, por ahí. Four or five. 21.5. My GPA. GP… GPA… GP yi-yay. Por ahí. Listen. Every week, you see on the news that a teacher has been arrested for having sex with a student. And none of the teachers… Están feítas. Theyre all… Hey, theyre fucking beautiful. Not like ours. Ours… If a teacher tried to fuck us back in the day, youd look at your teacher, youd be like… You know what, Mrs. Smith, Im gonna take the F. Im gonna take the F. You can try again in summer school, but I dont know. No. These kids turn the teacher in. Thats how fucking different they are from us. They turn… the teacher in. Us? Nobody would be late for school. Fuck, at 5:30 in the morning… Fucking long-ass line. [audience laughs] I gotta go home. Ill be right back. And if we did tell somebody, they wouldnt fucking believe it. That teacher me está chupando. Get the fuck outta here! Fucking liar. Bullshit! Bullshit. Why would Mrs Anderson wanna suck a fat Mexicans dick? [audience laughs] Thats what I told her, but she still did it. I dunno. [audience laughs] Tell her, dont tell me. Fuck. You go there, to the principals office. The principals there. Mrs. Anderson, the police, your mom, your dad… your stepfather. Come in, George Lopez. Did Mrs. Anderson perform fellatio? Were you ejaculated by her? [speaking Spanish] [audience cheering and applauding] Listen. We love this country. Understand that. All right? All the bullshit… All that shit, blow up a federal building… no. Thats where the checks come from. Bullshit. Were not stupid. What the fuck? Thats where the checks… I thought you said yeah. Dont leave your kids with your grandparents because youre leaving with your moms mom… You try to discipline them like they discipline you, your momll be like, Hey… Dont you talk to my grandson like that, mira. As long as Im alive, you show fucking respect to him. All right? You show respect. You yelled at me. Thats fucking different, pendejo. Hes smart. Hes not like you. He dont wear his helmet all day like you. We didnt talk back. You could leave us in the car back in the summer. Now you cant. You could leave us in the car with the windows rolled up. See the police. No, fuck… Youre gonna get me in trouble. I got it. Im alright. Ive only been here an hour and a half. I got it. Im cool. Go away. Go fight real crime. I got it. You know… Thats the future. Thats the future of this country. Its Latino diversity. Chino, Latino, black, white. Theyre in here tonight. This is diversity at its finest. Were not going nowhere, cabrón! [audience cheering] Woo-hoo! Be happy. Be happy in your life. Dont let anybody tell you what to do. Dont wait to get sick to want to live, alright? So be happy in your life. Huh? Be in love, be happy. Appreciate all the moments. If youve still got older people in the family, take pictures of them, hold their hands, comb their hair, get them pedo one more time. Thats how we do it. I love my community. I love Latino people all over the world. We dont know each other. [audience cheering] But we follow this simple rule. You fuck with one bean, you fuck with the whole burrito. [audience laughs and cheers] Appreciate you guys coming to see me. I love you guys. Thank you. Gracias. [audience cheering] [soulful music plays] ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love… ? Thank you, everybody! Órale! ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ? ? Gotta love, gotta love one another ?

JIM JEFFERIES@INTOLERANT@2020@[rock music plays] [cheering and applause] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, Jim Jefferies! [cheering and applause] [cheering and applause continues] Hello, Boston! How you doing? Thank you for that. Thank you for that. You all getting fucked up? [cheering] Im not drinking. I got water. -I cant drink like I used to drink. Okay? [audience] Aww. I used to drink– I used to be a daily drinker. I used to be five drinks, every day, seven days a week, which is 35 drinks a week. Which the FDA of America says that means Im an alcoholic. They say anything over 20 drinks makes you an alcoholic. Bullshit. [laughter] Thats less than three drinks a fucking day. Thats a reasonable amount of fucking drinking. You can have three drinks a day. Theres nothing wrong with that. You dont have a problem. [laughter] Two lines of coke a day isnt a coke problem. [laughter] It isnt a coke problem. Thats less than a gram a week. [laughter] You know why I stopped drinking so much is because I cracked open a beer, and my son, he was five at the time, he looked up at me, he went, Daddy, are you drinking again? [laughter] Im like, Where the fuck did that come from, you little…? [laughter] Like, very clearly it was from the woman who I gave a house to, but I was like… [laughter] So, I dont… I dont drink… I dont drink like that anymore. I dont drink, cause Im a good dad, you know? So, what I do now is I just drink one day a week, but I still get my 35 in. [laughter] Thats how society has pushed me. [cheering and applause] Thats why if you ever see, like, a woman and shes like in her mid-thirties and its 9:00 p.m. and shes all dolled up, but its like shes holding her shoes and just stumbling around and vomiting in alleyways, dont feel sorry for her. Shes just a good mom. [laughter] Found a window of fucking time. [laughter] The Queen of England drinks four cocktails a day. Thats eight standard drinks a day. That means shes a full-blown fucking alkie. Full-blown. [laughter] My question is, is she a nice drunk or a fucking nasty drunk? Around cocktail three, does she start trawling the palace, just… [laughter] Philip! [laughter] Philip! And Philips like, Ah, fuck, Lizzies at it again. [laughter] Get my Land Rover ready. [laughter] Shes just trawling around, Philip! [laughter] She goes into one room, she jumps back out with a crown on her head, Ha-ha! [laughter] I look like the money. [laughter] I got to tell you a story right now. To tell this story, I have to start off by saying that Im lactose intolerant. [woman cheers] That means that I will not… tolerate lactose. [laughter] If I eat lactose, 40 minutes later, and you can set your fucking watch by it, [laughter] I will shit myself. [laughter] That sounds like more than just intolerance, doesnt it? [laughter] I shit myself. [laughter] Like, think about it right now. So, youre all in groups, right? Youve probably got groups of three, four friends youre all hanging out with. And then you have your periphery groups. Like, some cunt in your group has brought some friends from work. Right? And theres always one cunt in that fucking group where you, like, you turn to one of your good friends and you go, Cant tolerate that guy. Cant tolerate him. But its not like, if he comes near you, [laughter] you shit yourself. [laughter] So, my two biggest nemesisises… Nemesi? -[laughter] -N– The two things that– that Im not good with… [laughter] are ice cream and cheese. Now, heres the tragedy that is my life. Ice cream and cheese are also my two favorite things. [laughter] See, I wasnt always lactose intolerant. No, it happened to me at 35. Im 42 now. It happened on my 35th birthday. I was sitting down, having my Baskin-Robbins ice cream cake, as I always request. Im hoeing into it, and then God looked at me and went, Hows all those atheist jokes going, cunt? -Pew! [laughter] [cheering and applause] So now I cant eat ice cream and cheese. Right? But heres the thing. I still eat ice cream and cheese. [laughter] With the full knowledge that Im going to shit myself, I still fucking do it. Right? I– I, actually, what I do is if I have a heavy meal, I eat a scoop of ice cream afterwards cause then I know Ill shit everything out, cause… [laughter] Im a genius, you see? Thats the Jefferies diet. You can fucking take that home with you. [laughter] So, I still eat ice cream and cheese, but I dont eat them out in the wild. [laughter] Youll never see me on a boardwalk with an ice cream cone. No, no, no. I eat them at home, amongst people who love me and respect me. Where I know where the toilet is, I know how much toilet paper weve got, Im ready to fucking go. [laughter] So, although I am intolerant of lactose, I still, you could argue, tolerate it. [laughter] In the same way that my dad… doesnt hate gay people… [laughter] hes just intolerant of them. [laughter] My fathers a 78-year-old man from rural Australia, and when we were growing up, I heard him say the occasional homophobic slur. When he was young, uh, being gay was a mental illness. Hes a product of his environment. But two years ago, Australia had a referendum, where they voted on gay marriage, and my father voted yes. And thats because I spent time talking to him, going, Dad, its the right thing. And then my dad said, Well, I guess they deserve to be as miserable as the rest of us. [laughter] Now, because my father has done this one forward-thinking thing in his entire life, my dad now thinks he is woke as fuck. [laughter] And my dad says sentences like this. Ive got no problems with the gays, they can do whatever they want, in their own homes, behind closed doors, as long as they dont try to involve me. [laughter] And Im always like, Dad, are they trying to involve you? [laughter] Is there a scenario… [laughter] …where theres two gay fellas in the inner suburbs of Sydney, ones strapped up to a bed with a fucking gag ball in his mouth, the other ones lubing up his fist, and hes about to enter, and just as hes about to go in, this fella goes… [muffled screaming] And he goes, Whats that, mate? Maybe we should try to involve Gary Jefferies. [laughter] Oh, thats a brilliant idea. Why didnt I think of that? He unstraps him. They get in their Honda Civic, and they fucking drive. [laughter] Its a Friday night in Sydney, its raining, youve got to get around the harbor, its fucking– traffics horrendous. It takes them an hour 15. They get out to the house where my dad lives. My dads just sitting there, watching rugby league. [laughter] He hears a knock on the door. [laughter] [laughter continues] Thats the second time this month. [laughter] I told you not to involve me. [laughter] Now, I was, uh, touring in Sydney earlier this year, and I did that routine. My father was in the audience, and hed brought along all of his bowling friends. My father plays lawn bowls, uh, every day, uh, which is like, uh, curling but with a ball and… Youll figure it out. Anyway… So he brought these, like, eight mates, and all of his mates were aged between 70 and 90. Right? All these blokes fucking went along. And then my dad came backstage, theyre all sinking piss backstage. My dad comes up to me and goes, Yeah, I enjoyed the show. Yeah, it was a good show. Good show. Different jokes youre doing now. Uh… I didnt like that bit about me and the two gay fellas. I didnt. [laughter] And I didnt understand why, and it turned out the reason he was upset, not because I spoke about him maybe having sex with two men, but because his friends found out that he voted yes for gay marriage. [laughter] And now… And now all of his mates take the piss out of him, right? Every time they go to do their shoelaces, theyre like, Will you marry me, Gary? [laughter] Thats the thing about my dad, man, hes trying. At his age, hes still trying to be progressive and all that type of stuff. And heres the problem, with young people, right. So… so, hes backstage, hes having a few beers, hes voted yes for gay marriage. Everyones teasing him a bit. And then my dad, at 78, says, Oh, yeah, Im good with the gays, I like the gays. And then he goes, I dont know about those trans people. And then a person I know started going, Well, youre transphobic. Youre transphobic. And I was like, All right, everyone settle the fuck down. [laughter] Settle down. And I said, This guy just got used to gay people yesterday. [laughter] Let him have his fucking victory lap. Youre going to scare him off, you cunt. [laughter] Like, let him be old, you cunt. He goes like this, Gay people are okay. And then you go, Chicks with dicks, and hes like, Fuck off. [laughter] This is the thing about being progressive and being woke and all that fucking bullshit, right? The-the-the young generations, the millennials, what youre missing out on is… Let old people be fucking old, right? Theyll be dead soon enough, right? Stop fucking making everyone move as fast as youre fucking moving, all right? People are trying. Right? Heres the thing about millennials. Youre the worst people that have ever lived. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Youre the worst. Youre just a horrible breed of people. And I dont even blame you, its just the society youre in. You have social media. Every single peanut fucking thought that ever came into your head, Ill fucking comment… [laughter] What type of fucking low-rent cunts are you? [laughter] Like… if you take more than three selfies a week, fucking end it. End it. [laughter] [cheering and applause] All right? [cheering and applause continues] The idea that you think taking a photo of yourself, isnt there something mentally wrong with that? And its not just… Thats– Thats bad. Thats bad as it is. But the fact that when you take that photo, your next thought is, Other people might want to see this. [laughter] Youre the fucking worst. I… Ive tried dating you people. Its a fucking nightmare, right? I dont care how smooth your fucking skin is, Ill take an old person with a better fucking attitude, you pricks. [laughter] [cheering and applause] You know, you date a millennial… I used to have nice outings. You used to go to a beach, and youd watch the sunset. No, fuck that. Sunsets are ruined because you cunts all want to do yoga poses while I stand back here, going, Did I do a good photo? [laughter] Heaven forbid I walk past a wall where someones painted some fucking wings on, thats my whole day fucking ruined. [laughter] See, heres the thing about you. You are… the most progressive generation thats ever been. That is true. You are the most progressive generation thats ever been. But heres something for you. Every generation before you has also been the most progressive generation thats ever been. Youre not fucking special. [laughter] [woman] Yeah! One day, and you dont even see it coming, in about 40 years time, youre gonna be the old bigots. [laughter] You dont see it coming, do you? Youll be the old bigots. Youll be standing around with your friends, going, I dont understand the kids today. When I was young, women had penises and men had vaginas, and it was all very normal. [laughter] But my grandson says he identifies as an Asian woman who wants to be a black man and marry a fucking robot, and Im not having it. [laughter] So my point is… I cant eat cheese. [laughter] So… [cheering and applause] I cant. I cant. Its not good for me. So… So, I-I went on a date with this girl. I went maybe six or seven dates with her. And I took her out to one of those tasting menu restaurants. You know, those fancy restaurants, Michelin-star thing, where theres, like, 11 or 12 courses. This is a good move. For any young fella out there who wants to take a girl out, take them to a tasting menu, because if youre like me, I eat my food too quick, and then Ive got to sit there and watch them try to, you know… Then I think, How much of that am I gonna get to eat? You know? And if you go to a tasting menu, the brilliant thing about going to a fancy restaurant is that the conversation never stops. Because theres so many courses that you can go, I liked that course. I didnt like course number three, but I enjoyed seven, so I wonder whats up next. Its a good way of keeping things going. [laughter] -Now… I tried to do… I tried to do this routine in Kansas. Very hard to explain… [laughter] …what a really good meals like. They fucking… They couldnt wrap their brain around it. I was like, You know when you go to one of those really fancy restaurants? [laughter] And I went, Think about the best meal youve ever had. And then one guy yells out, Ribs! And I was like, Yeah… Yeah, ribs are good. [laughter] But think of a meal thats even better than ribs. And he thought about it and he went, Two ribs! And I went, Yeah. [laughter] So these restaurants… theyre pretentious as fuck, right? Every– Every dish includes a foam, a reduction, and a mousse. And theres always a quails egg and a truffle. Always with a quails egg. Why cant they use a fucking chicken egg? [laughter] Every time I go to the supermarket, I always go to the poultry. Im never like, Oh, quail or chicken, what will we eat tonight? Where the fuck are they buying all the quails eggs? [laughter] And come to think of it, Im not sure… if Ive ever seen a quail. [laughter] Ive never been out and gone, Ah, fuck me, the quails are out tonight. [laughter] Better get the car in the garage, dont want it covered in quail shit. fucking quails. So its always a reduction, a mousse, and a foam, next to a quails egg with a truffle on top. And the first course is always called the amuse-bouche. The amuse-bouche is never on the menu. And what this is in fancy food is you eat that, and thats meant to make you realize what the rest of the meal might be like. Its to make you go, Oh, were eating. Oh. [laughter] I get whats going on. This is a small portion of bigger things. Its like if before you came to the show, you all went to a smaller comedy club tonight and watched someone do a five-minute set. So you could go, I get what Jims gonna do. [laughter] And theres always some French cunt whos the waiter. [laughter] I can say this on Netflix, the French are a bunch of cunts. Im not sure if… [laughter] Are you even watching it? -On your French Netflix? [cheering] [applause] Anyway, so theres always a French fuck. [laughter] He walks out, and the first course is always served on, like, a ceramic white spoon, with the reduction, the mousse, and the foam, and the quails egg, and something on top. And he walks up to you, and hes very patronizing, and he goes, Okay, now its time for the amuse-bouche. And then he goes, The chef has prepared this for you. And you always… you always nod along, like, Oh, thats good, the chef, when you really should just be an asshole to him and just go, The chef, you say? [laughter] Did you hear that, honey? The chefs doing the cooking today. [laughter] I thought the busboy had just fucking stepped it up a gear, but fuck me, I think were in for a treat. [laughter] And then he has the audacity to tell you how to eat it. He goes, Uh, the chef recommends that you put the spoon in your mouth and you eat it all in one bite, and let the quails egg explode over the foam, the mousse, and the reduction, and then you swallow. All right. When you should really go, Thank fuck you came along, cunt. [laughter] I wouldnt have known what to do. [laughter] A spoon, you say? A spoon? I wouldve… [laughter] [chuckles] So then you go through that, then you get a couple more courses. Then theres always a course that involves something… The ingredients they use arent the ingredients that you want to fucking eat, right? If you were to buy a pork product in a supermarket and you were spending money, it would be, like, a pork loin or a chop, right? In these restaurants, its always like, This is the kidney of the thing and the fingernail of the hoof. And… and you are getting the rind from the pigs eye, the eye socket of the pig. And youre like, Oh, I havent got enough socket in my fucking diet. At the end youre like, Im eating bone marrow, I didnt know what a bone marrow fan I fucking am. And its all shit. Its all fucking bad for you. [laughter] I always… I always feel fatter after… This is the deal, right? Im recording a special right now, so Ive dropped, like, seven pounds in a week, by just not fucking eating, just not fucking eating, and… I come from a long line of fat people. Right? I come from fat people. The reason I… I lose weight is because of you, the general public, and your comments on the internet. [laughter] Without you and your words of wisdom, Id be a fat fuck, but thank God you all come along, and you fucking bully the fuck out of me. [laughter] See, Im not… Im not for fat shaming, but I kind of am, I kind of am. [laughter] Im not for any shaming, really, but I dont know why weve gotten to this moment in society where fat people are immune to being shamed, yet every other addiction in our society is shamed. I watched my mother eat herself to death. I fucking watched it. She hid food, she fucking kept on eating, she denied what she was doing, and she fucking died from it, right? I watched it happen. But for some reason, we have to look at fat people and go, You be your best self, youre looking great. Every other fucking addiction in our society, we shame. You smoke a cigarette… You dont think smokers feel shame? You dont think smokers are breathing fucking smoke into their lungs, going, Im a piece of shit. Im a parent, what the fuck am I doing with my life? We dont need you to go, You smell. [laughter] Youre killing yourself, go outside. [laughter] Theres a section for people like you. [laughter] Like fucking cocaine addicts. You dont think they feel shame? Every time a cocaine addict has a line, they literally have to look at themselves in the fucking mirror. [laughter] You dont compliment a fucking meth addict whos picking scabs off their face, like, You be you. [laughter] Youre living your best life. No, but eating, we have to watch people get fat as fuck and compliment them? Fuck off. Should be the same as smoking. A fat cunt comes into a doughnut store, the person behind the counter should be able to go, Youre gonna have to eat that outside. [laughter] Theyll go outside with their doughnut… Aww. And theyll have a little roped-off section. Lets make it small, give them a fucking incentive. [laughter] They can stand out there with the other fatties and look at each other and go, Oh. [laughter] Do you remember when we were allowed to eat on planes? [laughter] So, anyway, then we go on through the menu, course number five. Now, these fancy restaurants always have a foie gras course. Foie gras, its fucking delicious. I didnt know what it was for years. I just enjoyed it. Its this buttery, fucking fleshy thing. Its delicious. And then someone showed me a video. Do you know how they make foie gras? They get a goose, then they step on its fucking feet, and then they pull the gooses neck up, like this, and they get whats called a foie gras funnel, which is like a funnel with a big, long tube, and they shove it down the gooses throat until the goose looks like a fucking sword swallower. [laughter] And then they force-feed the goose grains, day and night, right? And then after that, they wire the gooses mouth shut so it cant vomit the food back up. Because of doing this, the goose gets cirrhosis of the liver, and the liver gets fat and yellow, and thats what gives it that buttery taste. [laughter] My big question is… [laughter] …who was the first cunt to figure that out? [laughter] Who… Who was the first bloke just to walk up to his mates and just go, Hey, guys… [laughter] I was torturing geese… [laughter] …as I always do… [laughter] …and you would not believe the delicious side effects. [laughter] Now, I dont believe in animal cruelty, uh, but– but who here, uh, thinks that we should no longer test on animals? [cheering and applause] All right! Theyre what we call fucking idiots. [laughter] If youre a fucking moron who just applauded, There should be no animal testing, you fucking basic cunt. [laughter] Now, I dont think we should test on animals for something as frivolous as makeup. But when it comes to medicine, whats our fucking other option? Lets just think of something really simple, like acne cream. Right? You cant just get a cucumber… [laughter] …smear the cream on the cucumber and go, No change to cucumber. [laughter] Ready for people. [laughter] No, youve got to start with a mouse, dont you? Smear it on the mouse, that mouse dissolves. [laughter] First cream not good. [laughter] Then you get another cream. That mouse fucking multiplies like a mogwai hit with water. [laughter] Better… [laughter] …than first cream. [laughter] Still… not good. [laughter] Then you get one where it works. Then you go, That ones good. Then you get a rat. Then you get a rabbit. Then you get a cat, then you get a dog, then you get a primate, then you get a homeless person, a student, then us. [laughter] And thats how we have the medicine. [laughter] So moving on, we go to fucking course number six. The waiter brings up a cart. This thing has a dome on the top. And he rocks up with this fucking thing with the dome. He carried all the other food, but this thing needs a trolley. [laughter] And he pulls it off and theres all these cheeses there. And he goes, Your next course is the fromage, like that. The fro… Actually, I dont like that. I dont like that the cunt called it fromage. [laughter] I know its a little thing, but it bothers me. He was just doing it to Frenchie the fucking experience up. [laughter] He couldve said cheese, he knows the fucking words cheese. Everything else he said in English, and then he had to say fucking fromage. Fuck that cunt. [laughter] Youre telling me… Youre telling me that hes, uh… hes learned the entire English language but hes just one word short? [laughter] I dont like that. Ill be honest with you here, and this is being recorded, and Im happy to say this to the whole world. My most hated group in society… is Italian Americans. [laughter] [cheering and applause] And… And… And… Look, this is a comedy show, so if there are any Italian Americans in the room with us this evening, please know that youre not welcome. [laughter] [whistling and applause] Youre a fucking painful bunch of people. [laughter] Pick a fucking accent. Either go Italian or go American, but dont flip-flop. [laughter] Youll be in an Italian restaurant, the waiter will seem normal, and then hell fucking change, right? Youll be in an Italian restaurant, the guy will go, Hey, enjoying your meal? Its good, right? My mother, she used to make it with the mozzarell… And youre like… [laughter] What the fuck happened to that word, cunt? You… Its like he had a fucking stroke in the middle of the fucking word. Mozzarell… Fuck you. [laughter] Thats why I got to give it up for the Asians. I like the Asians. [cheering] They pick an accent, and they fucking stick to it. [laughter] The Asians either go full Asian, or they go full American. They dont go back and forth. [laughter] Youll never be in an Asian restaurant and have the waiter walk up and go, Hey, you enjoyed that? You should try it with some soy-soy. No, they never do that. [laughter] So kudos, Asians. Kudos. [cheering] Anyway, so he rocks up with his fucking cart of cheese. Theres some soft cheeses there, some Camemberts and Bries and whatnot. The most dangerous cheeses of them all. [laughter] And I look at the cheese. And now, this– this girl, she does not know of my condition. [laughter] And I look at the cheeses, I look up at him, and I went, How long… [laughter] …is the rest of the meal? [laughter] And he said, Uh, maybe, uh, 20 minutes. I went, Twenty minutes, Ive got a 15-minute drive. [laughter] Fromage me. [laughter] And I got myself a big plate of cheese, and I fucking caned that cunt. I fucking ate all that. We got another couple of courses, they have two dessert courses. One of the courses, the dessert courses, might as well have just been called lactose. [laughter] It was a lactose crumble, next to a lactose foam, with a lactose reduction, with a scoop of ice cream, then they freeze-dried some lactose crumble table-side and sprinkled it on top. And I looked at it, and I was like this, In for a penny, in for a pound. [laughter] And I ate that bowl of lactose as well. Now, what I didnt mention is the girl Im on the date with, she is a very petite girl. She had given up around course six. [laughter] I had also eaten her plate of fromage. [laughter] And her bowl of lactose. [laughter] Lactose is now coursing through my veins. I am on borrowed time. [laughter] And so Im sitting there, knowing. Im just sort of like, All right, well be good here. Well be good. You know? Im listening to her. Oh, thats interesting. [laughter] And then the waiter comes up and goes, Would you like a coffee? And I went, No! [laughter] Just the check, please. [laughter] So he gets me the check. Now, were gonna go back to my place. Now, Id been on a few dates with this girl, wed always gone back to her place. This time was the first night she was gonna come back to my house. I was happy about going back to my place cause I know where all the toilets are, I know the distance. Theres a lot of things that were going on there. And because she was staying at my place, she goes to me, she goes, Oh, we have to stop at the pharmacy… because theres a-a-a cream that I need, like a lotion type of thing. And I said, That you need? [laughter] And I-I-I said, I said, Are you sure you dont want it? [laughter] And she goes, No, I… No, I need it. And I said, I dont know if you know the difference between wants and needs. [laughter] Like, if you need it, that means that youll die… [laughter] …if you dont have it. So… Do you need it? [laughter] And she claimed to need it. So… we drove off to the pharmacy. We get in there, right? We walk in this Rite Aid, and theres just this wall of fucking lotions and that type of stuff, and I thought she needed it so she would know which one to grab. [laughter] But shes just sort of looking at them, like this. Right? And Im doing the I have to shit myself box step. -[laughter] -Like this. [laughter] [cheering and applause] And she cant pick one. Now, this is the thing, she has to get a lotion. I dont understand whats going on with the whole lotion thing with women, right? I… Okay, Ive lived with, uh, six girlfriends in my life. [laughter] In my… In my life, Ive lived with six women, and all six of them have left me. [laughter] And sooner or later, Im going to blame myself. [laughter] But not today. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Now… [cheering and applause] Now, every single woman Ive ever lived with has a nighttime ritual, where they… See, I have a bedtime ritual. What I do is I go to the bathroom, I have a piss, I brush my teeth, I go to bed. [laughter] Ive recently figured out that I could do them at the same time. [laughter] I have a piss and I brush my teeth, and I spit over, like that… Now, but the thing with women is you all go into the bathroom for, like, 20 minutes, and you close the door. And then you come out, and the last thing you do is youre sort of… youre rubbing something here. [laughter] And then you go like this. [laughter] And then you get into bed, and you tell me what Ive done wrong that day. [laughter] [applause] And thats your little nighttime routine. [laughter] Now, I dont know what goes on in that room. [laughter] But I assume, I cant be positive, but I assume you are covering your body head to toe in some type of lotion that you think is vital for your existence. [laughter] Now, Im 42 years old. Um… I-I wear makeup for work. Like, when Im on TV, they put makeup on me. I never even wipe it off, I just fucking… They give me a towelette, and I go, Ah, dont worry about it. Then… [laughter] It goes away over a week, and they put it back on. [laughter] Apart from that, I-Ive worn sunscreen, but Ive never put anything else on my face. Nothing else my entire life. Um, Im arguably an alcoholic. [laughter] I… I used to be a heavy smoker. Ive been a cocaine addict. [cheering] [laughter] And my skin is fucking flawless. [laughter] [cheering and applause] And you want to know why? Because my skin learned at a very young age… [laughter] …that it couldnt rely on me. [laughter] My skin knew that I was not gonna help it, so it was like, All right… Were going to have to produce our own oils if were gonna keep shit together. Where womens skin… Womens skin… Every day, womens skin is like this, I havent had my special cream. [laughter] And thats why you all age so horribly. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Yeah, I-I dont… I dont do… as many misogynistic jokes as I used to, but I like to whip one in there every now and then. [laughter] Its funny because I didnt… I used to do more back in the day. But what happened was, in our society, people started getting angry at me because they didnt know I was joking. Even though my job description would say… [laughter] …that I was possibly joking. [laughter] So this is what happens now with comedians. For some reason, were enemy number one. Every time we do a joke that you dont like, you all go, Why did you say that? Why… I get asked at interviews, Why would you say that joke? And you go, I thought it was going to be funny. [laughter] Its fucking ridiculous. Im in trouble now for jokes that I did fucking ten years ago. People ring me up and go, You said this joke ten years ago. Now, our job as comedians is, okay, if the lines here, our job is to go right up to the line, thats our fucking job. To take risks. To gamble, if you will. Now, what happens when you gamble? You dont always win. [laughter] Otherwise it wouldnt be called fucking gambling. [laughter] So, what happens is we go all the way up to the line, right, which is fine. So, on my specials, I have jokes that have gotten through standards and practices and lawyers and everything, and still gotten on fucking Netflix, and then you watch it years later, and youre fucking angry. Well, go fuck yourself, right? Because… [cheering and applause] Because… When I told the joke, the line was here, and it was socially acceptable, right? Now you moved the line back to here, so I wont go there anymore, I wont, but the lines here. But you cant get angry because you moved the line and then the fucking joke was over here. [laughter and applause] And then… And then you have the audacity to ask me to maybe apologize for a fucking joke. Heres the thing, I wanted the joke to work. Sometimes you tell a joke and it doesnt fucking work. And then people go, Why did you do that? You go, I tried to make the joke work, but it didnt fucking work, and now youre all upset with me. [laughter] Its like if a pilot smashes a plane into fucking the side of a mountain. You dont go, Why did you do that? [laughter] Hell go, My intention was to land the plane safely. [laughter] But it turns out I failed at my job. But I didnt… I didnt wake up in the morning going, ‘Smash it!' [laughter] See, its like, I watched Dave Chappelles special. I watched his special. I thought it was fucking great. [cheering and applause] It was hilarious. And people got upset, and they got upset by different jokes in it. They get… See, heres the thing. I didnt enjoy every joke in his special. Some of the things he said, I didnt even agree with. But you know what happened? When I watched the jokes I didnt enjoy, I got over it because Im not a fucking pussy. [laughter] [cheering and applause] All right? And I just listened to the ones I fucking enjoyed. See, he said that he thought that Michael Jackson didnt fuck kids. Eh. [laughter] I think Michael Jackson did fuck kids. [laughter] Thats how me and Dave differ. [laughter] A lot of people have stopped listening to Michael Jacksons music. They go, I wont listen to it anymore. I wont listen to it anymore. I still listen to it. [laughter] But I only listen to the Jackson 5. [laughter] ‘Cause if he was fucking kids back then, it was just experimenting, and theres nothing wrong with that. [laughter] I go all the way to Blame It on the Boogie, and I fucking call it a day. [laughter] So, look… [laughter] What Im trying to tell you is… she couldnt pick which cream she wanted. [laughter] And shes looking at all the different creams. Im doing the I have to shit myself box step. [laughter] And I think to myself, Fuck it, Ive got to have a shit. Now, theres a bathroom in the back of the, uh, pharmacy, so I duck off. Now, at this point of the story, I got to tell you… all right, that this girls a germophobe. Its vital to the story that shes a germophobe. Now, we may have some people in the room who identify as germophobes and, to those people… go fuck yourself. [laughter, cheering, and applause] Ive… Ive never met a person in my life whos interesting whos a fucking germophobe. Youre always boring cunts who tell us all the time that youre a fucking germophobe. Being a germophobe is doing a lot of heavy lifting for your shit fucking personality. [laughter] How dare you act like were all diseased. Every time we shake your hand, you go, I-I cant because… eh… Every time you cook with a germophobe, you cook and put some scraps in the bin, you go, Hey, can you take that out for the trash for me? And theyre like, Id love to, but I cant. [laughter] Because Im a germophobe. And youre like, The rest of us are loving it. You lick the bin, Aah. [laughter] Youre not special. While Im at it, people with peanut allergies can fuck off an all. [laughter, cheering, and applause] Now, Im not saying that there arent people with severe peanut allergies. There truly are. Theres people who will die if they eat a fucking peanut. What Im saying is its your fucking problem. [laughter] The rest of us dont have to be involved. Right, like, have you ever been on a plane lately, and they go like this, they go, Uh, on todays flight, we will not be serving peanuts, as theres a person on the flight with a severe peanut allergy. And youre like, All right, well, dont give them to them, then. [laughter] How fucking weak-willed are these cunts? Oh, I know it will kill me, but the salty goodness… [laughter] Like, what do they think the rest of us are going to fucking do? Go to the air stewardess, Uh, excuse me, uh, who has that peanut allergy? [laughter] [laughter] What do you thinks gonna happen if someone next to you eats a fucking peanut? Do you think peanut particles will get in the fucking air? Guess what? These flights fly back and forth and back and forth all fucking day. In between, they hardly clean the planes. Do you think theyd go on with a special peanut– de-peanut-ing machine and fucking fill the fucking air? [laughter] See, you know what I do? Every time when Im on a flight where they serve peanuts, what I do is I get six or seven peanuts, and I wedge them down the back of the fucking seat. [laughter] And if someone ever dies, Ill be the first person to say, I was wrong. [laughter] Now, I talked earlier about, like, how I did one misogynistic joke, and how– how, at the moment now, I-I-I dont know if people know that Im fucking joking. Its become very odd now, this tension that we have about whats right and whats wrong. I was on a plane and this fucking… This woman was trying to put a bag in the overhead luggage, and she was shaking, and she cant do it. And I went to help her, and she just looked at me and went, No, no, like that. [laughter] And its, like, now Im in trouble for trying to do a nice thing. That used to be my one move. [laughter] I used to open doors, I used to lift bags, I used to stand up for pregnant people on buses. That was my fucking gig. Thats what I had going. -[laughter] And now, because I tried to help her, shes, like… Shes, like, angry at me? Like Im trying to do a male patriarchy thing, where I can lift this better than you. So I just told her to fuck off. [laughter] And… turns out, shes just a woman with Parkinsons, and she did need my help. [laughter] But that scenario couldve been different is what Im saying. [laughter] Like, I was in a movie… I was in a movie with my son. We were watching… A couple of years ago, we were watching the Ghostbusters movie, the new one with the female cast. Watching Ghostbusters. My son, hes four at the time, and he turns to me watching Ghostbusters, and he goes, This movies not as good as the other Ghostbusters. And I went, Shut up, shh. [laughter] Youre not allowed to say that. This movies every bit as good as the other Ghostbusters. Well talk about it in the car. [laughter] You know, and on reflection, that movie wasnt as good. [laughter] It was a shit fucking movie. [laughter] Wasnt funny, the action sequences werent good, it was a fucking shit film. It wasnt shit because women were in it. It was just shit because it was shit. [laughter] You know what I mean? Like, cause that cast… Paul Feig is the director. He directed Bridesmaids, one of my top ten comedies. The rest of the cast was from that movie, theyd made good films together. This one was just a misfire. But the weird thing that happened was no one went to see that film, and then all of a sudden, men were pigs, men are fucking misogynistic assholes because that film didnt do good. No. It didnt do good because you women didnt fucking see it either. If you went and saw the movie… If you went and saw the movie, it would have been a success. But you didnt fucking see it, then you got angry at us for not fucking seeing it. [laughter] Do you want to know why it didnt do well? Its an action comedy, and if you go to any marketing company that talks about how they sell things, action comedies primarily are enjoyed by men. There might be exceptions to the rule, but primarily men like action comedies. Do you want to know why? Because were funny, and we do things, and… [laughter] And… And women like dramas because you cause drama. [laughter] [cheering and applause] So my point is… stop remaking our fucking movies. Leave our movies alone. We dont remake your films. You dont see Brad Pitt and George Clooney getting together to make Mystic fucking Pizza of the Sisterhood of the Ya-Ya Fuckhead Traveling Pants Movie. [laughter] We leave your shit alone. [laughter] Although there should be some films that should be remade with, you know, different casts. Like, one of my favorite movies from my childhood was, uh, Nine to Five. Dolly Parton, Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda. Fantastic. It still stands up today. Its about three women, they have a boss whos a fucking pig. Like, its even poignant right now. They have a boss whos a pig. So what they do is they drug him, and they put him in bondage gear, and they hang him from the roof of one of their garages for three weeks. Its a fun film. [laughter] You know, they should do that with a male cast, right? So, theres a woman, you put her in the position of power. [laughter] The three employees dont like it, so they drug her, and they put her in bondage gear, and they hang her from the roof of one of their garages. Its just a fun film. [laughter] Another movie that needs an opposite remake: Brokeback Mountain. [laughter] [cheering and applause] That movies… It needs it! [laughter] The original film is a couple of blokes, theyre working on the land, they ran out of conversation. So they went into a tent, and they fucked each other in the ass. [laughter] My film, its a couple of young lasses, theyre working on the land, theyre doing a mans job. They get bored, so they go into a tent, and they finger-bang each other. [laughter] [laughter] My version doesnt even need a tent. [laughter] But one of the things thats happening in cinema at the moment is, and I think we can all agree on this… Okay, so… So were done with blackface people. Stop doing that. People dont like it. If-If youre getting ready for Halloween and you think, I might do blackface, just dont. [laughter] Its so much easier to not do blackface. [laughter] Like you dont have to do anything. Just save yourself time. See, the thing is, with actors now youve got in movies… I think weve all agreed that you cant play outside your race. It goes back to, like, Mickey Rooney playing an Asian character in Breakfast at Tiffanys. Dont play outside your race. You can only play your race. I think we can all agree on that now. Now, theres another thing happening now, where the gays are getting upset if heterosexuals are playing gay people on film. Im not sure about that, but Im open to discussion. But heres the thing thats really fucking pissing me off. Taron Edgerton, or Egerton, or whatever, he played Elton John and Eddie the Eagle. Two of the ugliest cunts that have ever lived. [laughter] Hes really good-looking. I dont fucking like that. [laughter] Hes playing uglyface. How many ugly actors would like that fucking opportunity? [yelling] Do the good-looking people need fucking everything? [laughter] Like, Charlize Theron fucking gains 30 pounds, and all they say is, How brave. [laughter] You know whats brave? Being ugly every single fucking day. [cheering and applause] So I decide to go off to the toilet, right? And Im going off… [laughter] And she goes, Where are you going? And theres no point lying anymore, so I just went like this, Um… I have to shit myself. [laughter] And she goes, If you take a shit in a public toilet, then Ill never fuck you again. I was like, [exhales] [laughter] Its a very good argument. Thats a… Thats what you call a quandary. [laughter] So, I went, All right, but just fucking hurry up. So now Im doing the I have to shit myself jog. Im like, Come on. [laughter] Pick a fucking cream. Pick a cream, any cream. Theyre all good. All of these creams are good. Shes not hurrying up, so I did what every man has done in a relationship. Right? And theres a few men in this room that probably did it this evening to get here on time. This is how you hurry up your wife or your girlfriend. Every man does this. This is our special move. We go out… and we sit in the car. [laughter] And we think, Thisll send a strong message. [laughter] Now, I assume women are like, Ah, thank fuck hes gone to sit in the car. [laughter] So, Im sitting in the car and I do this move, where Ive leant like this, I leant all the way down, and Im trying to breathe through it, like Im in, like, a Lamaze class, like… [exhales] [exhales] And the reason Im sitting like this is because my theory is if I lay flat like this, the shit wont come out as quickly -because of gravity, you see? [laughter] If I sit upright, the shit has an easier way to fall. [man] Yeah! And also, sitting like this, Im clenching my ass cheeks together. [laughter] Because if the shit gets past the sphincter, it wont get past the impenetrable barrier that is me clenching my ass cheeks together. Because Im a fucking genius. [laughter] And Im sitting there, and Im watching her through the window of the pharmacy. [laughter] And she selects the cream, but then she stops a bit. Right? Then she goes back to get another cream. So Ive got to hurry this up, so I start honking, just… Honk! Honk! She looks out like shes really angry with me. Then shes going to the counter. I think, Oh, good, shes coming. Then she just, like, bumps into a friend. [laughter] Starts fucking talking to someone. So, I thought, Id better step this up a gear. So, I put the window down, and I lean my head out the window, and every time the sliding doors open like this… [laughter] …I went, Im gonna shit myself! [laughter] Im gonna shit myself! [laughter] Now… I forget that Im off the telly. I dont think about it on a regular basis, right? So, Im leaning out the window, yelling, Im gonna shit myself, and this 14-year-old kid skateboards by and goes, Good luck with that, Jim. [laughter] [applause] So Im sitting there yelling, Im gonna shit myself. Eventually she comes out, she gets in the car, and, like, obviously shes upset. She has reason. I have been yelling, Im going to shit myself, and honking the horn. [laughter] She sits next to me and she goes, I cannot believe… And I went, No time to fight! [laughter] This is not a drill. [laughter] And I fucking fishtail out of the fucking car park. Now Im in Ventura, and Im whizzing through traffic. Shes holding on, fucking… The creams bouncing around. I see the Golden Arches, I see McDonalds. I turned to her, I said, Could I please have a shit in the McDonalds? [laughter] McDonalds are renowned for how clean they keep their toilets. I wont even sit on the seat. Ill just hover and spray. [laughter] To that, I received a firm, No. [laughter] So I have to make a decision. My house is five minutes away. Her house is three minutes away. I-I make a call. Ive got to go to her house, its the only way Ill make it, right? Now, this… This kills me. Every day I think about this, right? If I went to her house to begin with, I never wouldve had to stop to get the cream. [laughter] So, anyway, we get into her house… we get in the driveway, she has a long driveway. I park the car. I get out. Im already like this, Come on! Come on! [laughter] Shes got the keys, so none of my runnings helping. Shes just fucking in heels, just going through her bag. Im going, Come on! Now shes stopped being angry, she just finds this hilarious. [laughter] Shes just laughing. We get to the door. Right, now, you know when youve really… youve… you really have needed to do a shit? It could be five minutes, it could be five hours, but there was an amount of time where you were desperate to do a shit. Then you get to within 12 feet of the toilet. [laughter] And your asshole starts to reward itself… [laughter] for all the good work that youve put in. [laughter] Your asshole goes, Yeah, we did it! [laughter] We did it! We did it as a team! And thats my favorite thing: that we did it together! [laughter] ‘Cause you always get to the toilet, you always go… Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah! Pooooooof! [laughter and applause] You never go… seat… Poof! No. Why is it that you always just made it? Youre not that lucky. There arent that many coincidences in the world… [laughter] …that you always just made it. Its that your asshole has its own brain and a, like, Pavlovian response. So anyway… I get up to the door, and Im going, Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! And Im, like, really yelling. She walks up, she gets the keys out, shes laughing. She goes to put the keys in the door, she drops the keys. -[laughter] -[woman] Oh! The keys hit the ground, and I shit myself. [laughter] [applause] And this isnt just like a little warning squirt of, like, All right, theres more where this came from. And it wasnt like a full evacuation either. It wasnt just like a full… Pooof like this. It was the weirdest thing. It was just shit coming out of me in a steady meter, just… [laughter] No pushing. [laughter] No pushing. Everything from liquids to solids and everything in between. [laughter] And Id gone from being all Aaagh! to just a calmness… [laughter] …came over me. I was just… [laughter] And my jeans are filling up. [laughter] And instantly, the… the smell of human fecal matter has filled the air. And for the first time, she gets her ass into gear and she goes, Oh, fuck! And she grabs the keys… [laughter] And I went, Oh, no, no, no, no, no. [laughter] No point hurrying anymore. [laughter] You take your time. [laughter] [cheering and applause] All right. Now, before I go, Im gonna tell a very, very quick little story. Um… My mother passed away a few months ago, and, um, when my mother died… Look, my mother, uh was never… Yeah, look, heres the deal. My mothers not a– wasnt a funny woman. She had no… no sense of humor, never found me funny. She never watched anything that I did and went, That was funny. But she was always… [laughter] She was always very supportive of me. And, you know, the only per… she was the only one in my life, the only one, that I bagged on my mother so much, I called her Gunta, she was the butt of so many fucking jokes that I said. And Ill give her this, she never complained, not fucking once. Not once. [cheering and applause] So… Id like to tell one story where she comes out of it a little bit cooler. Right? Now, when I was about 13 and my brother was about 17, we were home watching, uh, Star Wars. Right? We were home watching Star Wars. I was on the Throne of Misery, my brother was on the couch, watching Star Wars. My brother Scott, whos a fucking nutjob, right, he turns to me and he goes, Hey, Jim, get me a Coke. And I went, Get your own fucking Coke, Im not gonna get you a Coke. And he goes, Get me a Coke or Ill piss on the carpet. [laughter] What? What? [laughter] Get me a Coke or Ill piss on the carpet. I go, Im not getting you a fucking Coke. And hes going, So youd rather I just pissed on the carpet? I go, I guess thats what Im fucking telling you. [laughter] And my brother walks to the middle of the living room, stands in front of me, gets out his cock, starts pissing on the carpet, and he looks at me and he goes, I dont know why you constantly find the need to cause trouble. [laughter] It would have been so easy for you just to get a Coke, but, no, not Jim, has to be difficult. Then he shakes his cock, puts it away, goes back, lies down. Now, this is the bit that fucking kills me. [laughter] He doesnt get a Coke. [laughter] So, I was sitting there, you know, 40 degrees Celsius, no air conditioning, fucking… a puddle of urine in the middle of the living room, just steaming upwards. Now were onto about… Were probably on Return of the Jedi by now. My mom comes in, and she does that thing that parents do when they have no words. She walks in, just to see the urine in the middle, and she went like this, Why? [laughter] Who… Who would… Who would… Why? [laughter] And then she went, Every fucking day its something different. Every day. [laughter] And then she went, Who did this? And I didnt want to get in trouble, so I went, Scott did it. And she turned to Scott and she goes, What did you do that for? And he went, I told Jim to get me a Coke, or Id piss on the carpet. [laughter] And my mother turns to me and goes… [imitates hard slap] [laughter] Why didnt you get him a Coke? You know hes fucking mental. [laughter] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. [cheering and applause] Good night. I appreciate it, I really do. [rock music plays] [cheering and applause continues]

ERIC ANDRE@LEGALIZE EVERYTHING@2020@Opening Sketch [dramatic music playing] [street bustles] [cars honk] [drumming rhythmically] [New Orleans jazz band plays] [sirens wail] [police dispatcher murmurs] [siren whooping] [tires screeching] [engine revs] [dispatcher continues] [whooping continues] [tires screech] [dramatic music softens] [bottles shatter in slow motion] [bottles rattle in slow motion] [dramatic music fades] [jazz band continues] I stole this from the evidence room, man. [men ooh] -Legalize it. [flicking lighter] He got weed! [laughs] [men cackle] You a damn fool. What… [laughs] [flicking lighter] [bong bubbling] Really? You police? [Eric] Yeah. [rustles bag] Yeah? Mushrooms. Maam, Im high as a Georgia pine. Ah… Hey, you guys want coke? [passenger] What the fuck? I stole these pills and these ‘shrooms from the evidence room. You stole em and you took em? This stuff will knock you into next Tuesday. You gotta get high with me. You in trouble right now. Yeah. [chuckles] Right? You gotta find the glory holes around this city. You know what I mean? [moans sexually] [jazz band continues] Oh, yeah. [woman] Oh, no. [gurgles] Is that really marijuana? [flicks lighter] Yeah. [bong bubbles] Can I have a hit? No, no, no! [bong bubbling] [Eric] Yeah! [screaming] Legalize everything! [siren wailing] [3rd Ward Bounce by Big Freedia plays] * * * [audience cheers] [host yells] Give it up for Eric Andre! [audience cheers and applauds] Yes! Come on! [Eric yells indistinctly] [yelling continues] [cheering intensifies] [Big Freedia rapping faintly in song] [yelling] Lets go, New Orleans! [applause and cheering continues] What the fuck! New Orleans, [frenzied] what the fuck is going on! Yes! [3rd Ward Bounce fading] [prolonged] Holy shit! [mic stand thuds] Where my weed smokers at? Make some noise. [audience cheers] [woman screams] ‘Cause Im a narc. Book em! [audience laughs] Youre under arrest, El Chapo! [audience laughs] You guys ever have one of these days? You ever, like, smoke a big-ass joint, and just blow it right into a babys face? [audience laughs] [man] Hell yeah! [gruff] We got to make these kids cool. Right, daddy-o? [audience laughs] Grab the Jack Kerouac books and dribble a little CBD oil in that babys eyes! [audience laughs] Or did you ever do this growing up? Did you ever, um, sprinkle cocaine on your little brothers toothbrush, [audience laughs] like, right before kindergarten class? He was like… [grinding chaotically] He was on the playground with, like, a Bluetooth in his ear, and he was handcuffed to an attache case. [audience laughs] And he was just walking back and forth on the playground like, [gruff] Buy! Sell! Trade! Buy! Sell! Trade! Buy! Sell! Trade! Dont look at it! Eat it! [audience laughs] I like acid. Thats my favorite drug, LSD. [audience cheers and applauds] Parkour down here, my man! Parkour from that side to that side, John Wilkes Booth! [audience laughs] [woman whoos] [man] Yeah! Prove your loyalty to this crowd. [audience laughs] Im like you guys. I like acid. I like LSD. Right? But every time I drop acid, I jerk off to anime, right? [audience laughs and whoops] Im like, Oh, yeah. Sailor Moons looking real good this year, man. I got a belt around my neck. Im like, I dont care if this is a Ross Dress For Less! [gasping for air] Squatters rights! [audience laughs] Know your rights, squatters. [audience cheers] [cheering intensifies] [cackles] [exhales] I wanna make– [stammers] You ever go to a football game and you see the guys with beer helmets? I want to make, like, a cocaine helmet [audience laughs] with two big bags of blow on each side of it. And I want a couple of straws coming out of each bag, and I want to cram em up each of my nostrils, and get high as shit, and go to an actual football game and root for the referee the entire time. [audience laughs] Just be like, Yeah! Youre making some honest-ass calls, bro! Whoo! Whats your email, man? Lets start a Hotmail account together! [sputtering and panting] Dude, if we started a band, by this time next year, we could be headlining the Fyre Festival! [audience laughs] [audience members whoop] Ive done the worst cocaine in my entire life in New Orleans. -What is going on? [audience shouting] Shame on the coke dealers of New Orleans! Pablo Escobars rolling in his grave. [audience chuckles] I swear to God, I bought an 8-ball off this guy, I think I gave him a hundred bucks. I think he just walked around the side of the building, and scratched drywall into a Ziploc bag. [audience laughs] I was like… [sniffs, babbles indistinctly] [audience laughs] I have good news. I finally smoked weed with my mom. [audience cheers] [patting back] [audience applauds] -Did it. Took me 36 years of campaigning. Finally did it. Now, keep in mind, my mom is a 700-year-old Jew, okay? [audience laughs] -It wasnt easy. No, she came to my house. We were in Los Angeles. And Im driving around with my mom, and I go, Mom, smoke pot with me. And she goes, [mimics] No. Its illegal. And I go, No, its not. Its legal now. And she goes, Oh, okay. [audience laughs] I swear to God, it was that easy. So we went to my house, Im trying to smoke a bowl with her, and she cant inhale. She looks Dizzy Gillespie the whole time. Shes like… [sputtering, blowing raspberry] So I give her a little weed cookie, and then we start playing Scrabble, and then 20 or 30 minutes later her eyes got all red. And she looked up at me and she goes, [gravelly] My mouth is dry. [audience laughs] Is that part of the appeal? [audience laughs] And then she snapped. She was like, Bring it in. Bill Cosby didnt do it. [audience laughs] I did it. [audience laughs] And I havent seen her since. [audience laughs] [Eric laughing] By the way, Bill Cosby is guest bartending tonight, if you guys want some really strong drinks. Whoo! [audience cheering] [audience applauds] [Eric cackles] You guys wanna know what my original opener for my Netflix special was? [all] Yeah! -I was actu– I was gonna walk out, walk to the front of the stage, jerk off into the audience and go, Free Louis CK! [yells indistinctly] [audience laughs] [screaming] RIP, Louis! [audience laughs] [mic thuds] My man Louis locked up! [yelling continues] [Eric laughs] Is there medicinal marijuana out here? [all] No. No. Whos the governor? [audience murmurs] Bobby Jindal? [audience] No! Who? Malcolm-Jamal Warner from The Cosby Show? [audience laughs] [woman shouting] L. Ron Hubbard? [audience laughs] Okay. Im excited. I just got my medical crystal meth card. Whoo! [audience cheers and applauds] Whoo! The doctor was like, [Old South accent] You dont have enough scabs on your face -my boy. [audience laughs] Let me write you a prescription. I guess my doctors Foghorn Leghorn. [audience laughs] I dont know what that voice is. Its the only impression I can do. [Old South accent] What in the– I say, what in the… [audience laughs] Most of my set is just… [gurgles indistinctly] [audience laughs] Uh… Whats the most high youve ever been in public you think, my man? [audience chuckles] Hmm? Well, what do you think, my man? Oh, shit. Hold on, my man. Whats the most high youve ever been in public, my man? [audience laughing] [breathes into mic] Whats the most high youve ever been in public? [mumbling] [knocking mic] Just talk to me, my man. [audience laughs] Jesus Christ. [audience laughs] [thuds mic] [fumbling] Guy came out of nowhere. [audience laughs] [sighs] I think the most high Ive ever been in public, is a tie for first place. Okay, theres the, uh, the first time I did… MDMA… molly. [sighs] [audience whoops] And, uh, the other time was when I went and saw the Tupac hologram at Coachella. [audience laughs] So the first time I did molly, uh, it was like ten years ago. I went to this comedy festival, and I bought a bunch of those little molly pills, and I went to see a comedy show. And I was with my buddy Carl. I gave him a pill. I took a pill, and we felt like a million dollars, right? Serotonin machine gun going off in my brain. And I felt so good, that I turned to my friend, and I go, Dude, if we eat, like, four or five more of these little guys, [audience laughs] well feel four or five times as good, my man. -Thats basic math, bro-bruh! [audience laughs] So we fucking wolf down a bunch more. What a fucking mistake, because then my eyeballs started working independently, like a chameleon. [audience laughs] Like… [blabbering] Like David Attenborough from Planet Earth started narrating my thoughts. Like, This asshole has taken more drugs than he can handle, and now his heart will do a Slipknot drum solo. [imitates rapidly thumping heartbeat] My eyes were doing, like, Diplo air horn sounds, just… [mimics DJs rapid air horn effect] [audience laughs] So I fucking panic. I ran outside, my hearts beating out of my chest, right? And Im like, Im gonna have to go to the fucking hospital. Im having a meltdown. And I go, No. I got it. Ill make myself throw up. Or, uh… We call it, pulling the trigger, you know what I mean? Uh, or at least thats what we called it in ballet class. I dont know what you call it, but… [audience laughs] So I run outside… and Im fucking slamming my finger in the back of my throat. The problem was, I had so much MDMA coursing through my veins, it wasnt making me throw up. It just felt like I was hitting a hidden G-spot… in the back of my throat, and my uvula was like a giant clitoris. [audience laughs] So I was just like… [scream-vomiting] [moans sexually] [audience laughs] [scream-vomiting] Oh, boink-boink! [screams euphorically] And Ive never cummed harder [stool thudding] -in my entire life! [audience laughs] [audience cheers] First and only time I have ever achieved orgasm. [audience cheers and applauds] [cheering intensifies] Thank you. Okay, and then the Tupac hologram. All right, so, check this out. So I go to Coachella. Its weekend two. Im fucking hyped to see this goddamn Tupac hologram. And its so whack, but Im, like, caught up– Im, like, Oh, yeah! I cant wait to see this Grand-Theft-Auto-4-era CGI Tupac. [chuckles] [audience laughs] So I was drinking all day. Were out in a big field, its late at night. Thousands of people. Were all watching Snoop Doog and Dr. Dre on stage, right? And my friend Brian hands me, like, a big-ass Xanax bar. Right? Like a big… [audience laughs] fucking, like, a George Clinton horse pill, right? But Xanax is not a good party drug. It makes you black in and out of consciousness. You lose your memory. But I wasnt thinking. So I wolf it down, and I tell my friend Brian, I was like, Okay, hold up. Im gonna make a pee-pee. I go to the porta potties. I come back. My brain must have hit a Xanax black hole, because my friend Brian was like, Dude, where the fuck have you been? [audience laughs] And I go, What are you talking about? Hes like, Bro, youve been gone for like 45 minutes. The Tupac hologram came and fucking went. [audience laughs] -You missed the entire fucking thing. And Ive never been more mad and high at the same time, [audience laughs] and I just turned around, and I started ripping grass out of the ground, going… [screaming] No! [audience laughs] [screeching] Why?! And it was during the most mellow Snoop Dogg song… [audience laughs] of his entire set. So I was– So Snoop Doggs on stage, like, ? S-N-O-O-P… ? ? Snoop-a-loop, Snoop-poop, Poop-a-scoop, Doo-ba-doo-ba-dee-doo ? And one by one, a sea of 1,000 people just look back at me going, [screaming] Bury me alive! [audience laughs] [screeching] I dont deserve to live! Then I just overhear this dude rolling a blunt behind me, look back and go, Well, I guess everybody enjoys Snoop Dogg differently. [scoffs] [audience laughs] [blubbering] [audience cheers] [groans indistinctly] Is it just me or is a thug rolling a blunt the most homoerotic sight youve ever seen in your entire life? Especially if theyre a little homophobic. Theyre like, Get that gay shit away from me, cuz! Anyway, where was I? [groaning indistinctly] [audience laughs] [moaning indistinctly] No homo. [blabbering] [audience laughs] They do this move. [gagging] [audience laughs] [continued gagging] [audience laughs] Hey, you wanna hit this Swisher? [gagging loudly] [frenzied] Bukkake! [audience laughs] We have arrived at the bukkake part of the set. [fast-tempo techno music playing] [audience cheering] [music stop abruptly] – I dont like bukkake, man. Shits gross. Take it easy, Tokyo. [audience laughs] Jesus Christ, whats going on over there? You know what bukkake is, right? [mumbling] Some of you are confused. Some of you are horny. -Listen… [audience laughs] if you dont know, bukkake… [sighs] [audience laughs] [sighs] Well, when one woman and… ten bros love each other very much, [audience laughing] very much… [laughs] [audience laughs] Its gross, man. I cant watch that shit, dude. Its fucking demoralizing. Im a feminist, okay? I watch reverse-role bukkake, [intensifying] where six to ten women squirt on a Japanese businessmans face! [audience cheers] [audience applauding] Im sorry. Im the most progressive motherfucker on Pornhub. Capiche? [audience laughs] I sit down on the toilet when I pee to get in touch with my feminine side, and I take a shit in the urinal to get in touch with my masculine side. Come on, New Orleans! [audience applauds] [snorts] [audience laughs] I dont like it when people say no homo either. I think thats homophobic. I think if you say something that can be misconstrued as gay, instead of being like, [nasally] Ew, no homo. Im not gay, lean into it, and suck a fucking dick already. Am I right? [audience cheers] Its 2007 or whatever. A holes a hole, man. We all feel like hot spaghetti in the dark. Weve all been to prison or summer camp, right? You cant get a dudes butthole pregnant. [yelling] No condoms tonight! [audience laughs and cheers] One time, I was drunk at this concert, and I, uh… [laughs] was washing my hands in the bathroom, and this dude came up to me, and he goes, Oh, shit, man. Im a huge fan, bro. I was like, Thank you, man. And he goes, No, for real. I fucks with your show. I was like, Thank you, man. And he goes, You mind if I get a picture real quick? I was like, Yeah, no problem. Took a selfie with the guy. And then, I swear to God, as he was walking away, I heard him go, Yo…  Pshh… [prolonged] Key and Peele! [audience laughs] Yo, thats Key and Peele right there, dog! [audience laughs] Just took a selfie with him, dog. [audience laughs] So not only did that guy think I was Key and Peele… [audience laughs] he thinks Key and Peele is one person. [audience laughs and applauds] First name Keyand… [audience laughs] last name Peele. [audience laughs] This other dude came up to me, I was in Brooklyn. It was like two in the afternoon. Dude came up to me on the sidewalk. And he was like, Hey, Im a big fan. I went and saw your live show. Sometimes Ill do The Eric Andre Show live and me and Hannibal will interview people on stage. And then Ill just jump in the audience and spray ranch everywhere and beat people up. Its basically Gallagher meets GG Allin for 45 minutes. [audience laughs] So I… [chuckles] So this kid came to one of the first tours. Came up to me, two in the afternoon in Brooklyn. He goes, Hey. Im a big fan. Ive been to your live show. I dont know how to tell you this, but… your penis has been in my mouth. [audience laughs] I was like, What?! I was like, [loudly] Excuse me? But what had happened was… [laughs] [audience laughs] So Hannibals on stage, and he goes, Ladies and gentlemen, The Eric Andre Show. I come out from the back. Keep in mind, its the season one tour. So theres only, like, nine dudes in the audience. [audience laughs] So I come out from the back, butt naked. I didnt know what was legal– or, illegal at the time. Came out from the back, butt naked. I jumped off the front of the stage. Like, [screaming] Yeah! And this dude was front fucking row, like, [yelling] No! [audience laughing] Ah! [audience laughs] Then he said for a millisecond, my entire flaccid dick was just like… [expelling air] [audience laughs] [laughs] It just, like, flicked the back of his tonsils. [audience laughs] And I just turned and looked at him, I was like, Thanks for coming to the show, man! [audience laughs] And then we snorted a line of drywall together. [laughs] [audience laughs] [snorting] [audience cheers] But I think the war on drugs is bullshit, man. I think its a complete waste of taxpayers money. [audience cheers] Yeah. Its done absolutely zero to curb drug addiction. It just allows cops to lock up black kids five times as much as they do white kids. [audience cheers] Its racist, Nixon-era bullshit. Abolish the DEA. [cheering continues] Legalize all drugs in this country! Except for Salvia. That shit sucks! [audience laughs] -Salvia, if you dont know, its this super hallucinogenic that makes you guaranteed bad trip. You go to fucking Planet Zebulon and back. [audience laughs] And, at best, you feel like youre trapped inside of a losing game of Tetris. Youre just like, -Ah! Here comes the purple rectangle! [audience laughing] But before we make Salvia illegal, this is what I want to do. I want to– You know how Jerry Seinfeld does that show, Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee? I wanna pitch to Netflix Comedians in Ubers Smoking Salvia. [audience laughs] So hear me out. Ill be in the Uber, right? And the Uber driver is not in on it. Its all hidden camera. [audience laughs] And its just me and Ellen DeGeneres in the back, blowing clouds of Salvia smoke… in the Uber drivers fucking face. Hes like, Hey, are you the guy from 2 Broke Girls? [screams] [audience laughs] [mimics bomb exploding] Five stars. [audience laughs and cheers] I think the best feeling in the world is when you get… pulled over by a cop, and you have absolutely nothing… illegal on you, right? [audience cheers] Dont you feel like the cockiest son of a bitch in that moment? You got no… weed. You got, you know… Your tags… arent expired. Youre not… human trafficking, or whatever this row is into. [audience laughs] I got a lineup of school shooters in row one. You gotta see em. Right, man? [audience laughs] I mean, its fucking– I got school shooter energy over here. They all got the same look, smudgy glasses. Your names probably Dylan, Im assuming. [audience laughs] I know my people. I know my demo. [gruff] Wait till 8chan hears about this show. [cackling] Women deny me their pleasures. [grunts] I can make an AK-47 in five minutes on a 3-D printer. [audience laughs] Eric Andre speaks to the demons in my mind! Im on the dark web. Im in the subreddits. I get it. Ill read your manifesto later. [audience laughs] Do you remember the show Cops? Did you guys ever watch the show Cops? [audience cheers] Is it just me or is reggae the most inappropriate music they could have picked… [audience laughs] [chuckling] to open up the show Cops? You cant slap reggae over police brutality footage… and call it a day. You cant– Thats not an intro for a– The intro to Cops was like, [screaming] Youre under arrest, you unarmed, innocent black teenager! Boom! [Jamaican accent] ? Jamaica man come downtown ? [audience laughs] ? Rasta boy right ? ? Welcome to the island Of peace and purity ? [yelling] Kiss my boots, you disenfranchised, transgender prostitute! Bam! ? Jamaica is a tropical island ? [audience laughs] [singing gibberish] ? Our national currency ? ? Is the delicious coconut! ? [audience laughs] [gruff yelling] This is a system invented by rich, white, Christian, heterosexual businessmen. And if you dont match that description, [intensifying] then it is my job to subjugate and oppress you, motherfucker! For I am your judge, jury, [screeching] and executioner! [audience cheering] [mimics rapid gunfire] [mimics beating and shooting] [rapid shooting continues] [audience laughing] ? Under the sea Ba-dum, ba-dum ? [audience laughs] ? Under the sea ? [audience cheers and applauds] [body thudding] [cheering and applause continues] [groans in pain] I popped a blood vessel in my asshole during that joke. Thank you. [woman cheers] Oh, fuck. Im sweating like Jeff Epsteins final moments up here. [audience laughs] Oh, fuck. [stoned voice] Jeff Epstein didnt kill himself, man. [audience laughs] -Seven-eleven was an inside job, bro. Tyler Perry directed the moon landing, man. [audience laughs] I think sex work should be legal, too, man. I think– Yeah, thank you. [audience laughs] Its a noble profession. Sex work! I said sex work! [man] Yeah! [woman] Yeah! Its a noble profession. Uh… I indulged one time. [exhales softly] [audience laughs and cheers] I went to Amsterdam with my friend, Michelle, and she– Id never been there before. She took me around the red-light district, and its totally legal, man. And the sex workers dance pretty much naked in the windows, and I thought I would have the maturity to handle an event like that, [audience laughs] but I was walking around the red-light district like I was Beavis and Butt-head. I was just like… [cackling crudely] [audience laughs] And then my friend Michelle turned to me and she slapped 50 euros in my hand and goes, Yo, bro, its your first time in Amsterdam, dog. You gotta fuck one of these chicks tonight. Boom! She slapped 50 in my hand, and I went from Beavis and Butt-head to the most nervous, nebbishy, neurotic Sol Rosenberg Jew. I was just going up to these women like, Uh… Excuse me, miss. Uh… [audience laughs] [trembling] How much money is it to, uh… penetrate your vulva? [audience laughs] [nervously clears throat] Gulp. So I… found a little sweetie pie. [audience laughs] And she took me upstairs to her crust punk bed, [audience laughs] and we started making the sex. Im talking penis-in-vagina-type shit, dude. [audience cheers] Straight missionary position, cuz. [cheering continues] -Regular-sized codom on, bro. [audience whooping] Then, you know, it was pretty normal, man. I came. She farted, and, uh… [audience laughs] And then I went downstairs, and right when I walked outside, I saw an ATM, and I started biting my knuckle. I was like, [nervously] Oh, for 50 more bucks, man, I could go for a round two. [audience laughs] Oh, fuck, man. Im a sex addict, man. I gotta… I gotta get out of here, man. Get that ATM away from me, man! And I rushed out of there. And then, of course, lo and behold, half an hour later, I was back in the red-light district, fucking the shit out of that ATM. [audience laughs] [audience cheers] [whooshing] Coins are spilling out and shit. So after I, uh… went to Amsterdam, I flew over to Cuba, and when I was in Cuba– [women whoo] [clicks tongue] Yes… Dame más gasolina. Or whatever. [laughs] [audience laughs] Uh… [chuckles] [audience laughs] So I went to Cuba, and I, um, bought this souvenir in a gift shop. And the only reason I bought this souvenir is because it is the worst English translation [audience laughs] I have ever come across in my entire life. [audience laughs] First question is, what in the fuck is this thing? [audience laughs] Just off the bat. Second of all, I bought it because it reads– You tell me if this makes sense to you. [forcefully clears throat] If you enter to our kitchen, and the she finds it dirty, it is because the one that not scrubs this, and the one that this it is not the one that scrubs, [audience laughs] and as you he wont scrub, dont criticize as this. [audience laughs] [audience applauds and cheers] Dont criticize as this. Okay? It works in every language. [audience laughs] Hello? Its universal. This was actually– This was Sammy Sosas acceptance speech at the MLB Hall of Fame. [audience laughs] Yeah. Yeah. I like to think that this is the first draft of the TLC song Scrubs. [audience laughs] T-Boz wrote it while she had a migraine and she couldnt get the rhythm right. ? I dont want no scrubs ? ? It is because the one That not scrubs this ? ? And the one that this It is not the one that scrubs ? Damn it! I dont got it yet! [audience laughs] [mouths] Fuck! [audience cheers and applauds] [cheering intensifies] Next time I have an audition for a television show or a movie, and the casting directors like, Yeah, feel free to bring in a scene from your favorite play, [audience laughs] or a… or a mono– a soliloquy… or a monologue from your favorite film, I wanna bring this into the audition with me, and go, Yeah, Im gonna be performing this today. [audience laughs] Uh… Thats my– Thats my headshot right at the top. [audience laughs] And then just deliver the dialogue off of this, as if its the dramatic performance of a lifetime. Just be like… If you enter to our kitchen, [audience laughing] and the she finds it dirty, [laughing continues] it is because the one that not scrubs this [intensifying] and the one that this it is not the one that scrubs, [screeching] and as you he wont scrub, [gasps for air] dont criticize as this! [audience cheers] And shell be like, Great. You booked it. Youre a dead body on Law & Order. [audience laughs] -Im like, Yes! Nailed that shit, dawg. [audience laughs] [farts] Oh… Here. Thank you. Dude, Papa Johns got fired from Papa Johns! [audience laughs] [mimics bomb exploding] Okay, so Papa fucking Johns was dropping the N-bomb at work like its 19-diggety-six. Like hes Ty Cobb in the dugout. [audience laughs] [scoffs] Okay, so this is what happened. So he was, like, bitching and moaning about the NFL players kneeling. And then they gave him, like, racial sensitivity… racial sensitivity training at his work. And during racial sensitivity training, he started saying the N-word like crazy. Theyre like, Dude! This is supposed to have the opposite effect, Papa! [audience laughs] And his real defense, I swear to God, he goes, [East Coast accent] Oh, whatever. Colonel Sanders used to say the N-word all the time. [audience laughs] Colonel Sanders used to say the N-word all the time? First of all, Colonel Sanders is practically fictional, okay? [audience laughs] That is the weakest defense. Thats like, [East Coast accent] Whatever, bro. Ronald McDonald threw an egg at a synagogue one time. [audience laughs] Oh! [puffs air] Leave the colonel alone. Oh, I found this out. Its rumored that KFC, Kentucky Fried Chicken, has these factory farms where they raise these genetically modified chickens with abnormally large chicken breast meat two to three times the size of a natural chicken. And these chickens spend their entire life bogged down by their own chicken breast meat, and they just waddle around in their own filth their entire existence. And I was like you guys/ when I heard that information. I was like, Yo. We gotta go down to these factory farms, and titty-fuck these chickens, dog! [audience laughs and cheers] Yo! These chickens sound hot as fuck, dude! [audience laughs] Are you kidding me? Its like spring break, Kentucky, baby! [blubbering] [audience laughs] Motorboat! Wet chicken contest! [audience laughs] Fuck. [audience laughs] [woman whoos] What I think we should abolish is the federal government. Both parties are corrupt. Theyre not serving us. [audience cheers] We should start a new country! [yelling] I should run for president! [cheering continues] So fucking old and boring, the Constitution is. We should throw that out right away. It condones slavery and prisons. Are you fucking kidding me? Get rid of the Constitution. Know how old it is? You know what the third amendment is? The third amendment is: If a soldier wants to take over your house, the third amendment protects you from a soldier commandeering your house. -Because it was written in 17-dickety-six, [audience laughs] when there were muskets, you know what I mean? When are you ever gonna have to flex the third amendment in your real life? Like, some drunk admirals on your lawn… Like… [banging] Oh, come on, bro. Let me crash on the futon tonight, my man! [audience laughs] Youre like, Uh-uh, Admiral. I plead the third, motherfucker! [audience laughs] And hes like, Come on, man. My batterys on five percent, and my Uber just canceled, man. [audience laughs] Let me at least hold the string cheese out the fridge. [audience laughs] Youre like, Take it up with Thomas Jefferson, bitch! Bow! [audience laughs] Enough with this libtarded political bullshit. Who eats ass out there? [audience cheers and applauds] Not me. Lick a toilet, sicko. Thats where poop comes from. Yuck! [audience laughs] I tried it once, all right. It tasted like a pretzel, all right? [audience laughs] It tasted like– You ever had Combos at the gas station? [audience laughs] [man cackles] It tasted like, and looked like, a pizza-flavored Combo. Yeah. [laughing continues] And I did– I did it after she took a shit at the gym. So dont harass me. [audience oohs] I got my brown wings, sir, okay? I licked the chocolate balloon knot, all right? [audience shouting] I cant put my dick in that thing either, man. I cant put my dick in that asshole, cause its like a dirty crab knuckle, just suffocating the life out of my dick. [Italian accent] And the puss is-a right around the corner. Whats a-better– Whats a-even better than the puss? Eh? [audience applauds and cheers] What is-a even better than the puss? Whats the matter, guys? The puss is a-no good? Huh? [audience laughs] You dont like-a the puss? You gotta force your dick into that fucking violent, [blowing] fucking brown circle. [audience laughs] Fuck. I mean, gay men dont have much of a choice. You could try sticking it in that little pee-pee hole, but that probably hurts a lot. Trust me. [audience laughs] I got my asshole licked one time. Okay? [woman whoos] And Im gonna be honest with you, it felt a hell of a lot better than I thought it was gonna feel. I was like… [audience laughs] [mumbling] I actually quite enjoy– It felt like somebody was conducting an orchestra, -with a piping hot wet wipe in my asshole. [audience laughs] [singing classical melody] [audience cheers] Okay, so heres the story. I was dating this freaky British girl. Shes giving me a blowjob. And then she continued going down between my buttcheeks, and she started licking my asshole. And I was like, Babe, [scoffs] thats not gonna feel good at all– [yells euphorically] [audience laughs] She started spinning me around like a Harlem Globetrotter basketball. [singing the Globetrotter theme] And then she finally came up for a breath of air, and it looked like she had Nutella just dripping off of her goatee. [audience oohs] You wanted it. [audience laughs] A little bit about myself, I am blewish. I am black and Jewish. [audience cheers] Uh… Thank you. [audience applauds] My… My dad looks like Arthur Ashe, and my mom looks like Howard Stern. [audience laughs] And that is why I look like Ernie from Sesame Street. [audience laughs] [lazily] My parents done fucked, bro. My parents done– My dad is from Haiti, and my mom is from Manhattan. Guess which ones the Jew? [audience laughs] And, uh… My dad just found out what Google is a few weeks ago. Can I tell you how fucking old school and fresh off the boat my father is? Hes like… [Haitian accent] Oh-oh, now they have Google? [squealing] Whoo! [audience laughs] You can type one word in Google, bloop-bloop, one million words come up! [audience laughs] I cant do my dads voice. Im sorry. I sound like the fucking lion king. Im sorry. But, man, uh… yeah, my parents fucked, okay? -My parents… [audience laughs] My parents fucked. Everyone in here, your parents fucked. [audience laughs] Your parents– Everybody, lets do a meditation. Close your eyes and picture– Imagine your parents, your dad, balls deep… [audience groans] …and finishing in your mom. ‘Cause thats what happened. You can moan and groan all you want. But you wouldnt be here, you little shits, if your dad didnt fucking… ka-splooge… -explode his Spider-Man DNA web  into your long-suffering moms vulva, who wasnt bothering anybody. She was just playing Sudoku, she was eating cantaloupe. [audience laughs] Your fucking disgusting, horny dad just came in… You gotta admit it, right? Fact of life. Your dad had sex with your mom. Your mom went down on your dad. [audience laughs] Your dad went down on your mom. [audience laughs] And then your dad put on that leather gimp mask and he lied under a glass coffee table. Your mom took a big shit over it, and then five months later, you were born. Okay? [audience cheers] Im assuming hes a premie, I dont know. [audience applauds] He has premature energy. I dont know. Has anybody walked in on their parents having sex? Anybody walked in on their parents having– Show of hands if you walked in on your parents [man whoos] -havin the sex. [audience members murmuring] This guy. What happened? [man speaking indistinctly] Wait, hold on. This guys got a story to tell. Can we give him a microphone? [audience cheers] -Please. Lets give this guy a microphone. Hes got a story to tell. He will not be silenced. He is living his truth. [audience cheers] What happened, my man? -Well, I was– -Tell me the sexy little details. [audience laughs] I was standing in the doorway. I was really young. -They didnt see me. -Wait. How long ago? Was this two weeks ago, or like…? [audience laughs] -No, no. I was young. I was like… five. Why did you go in there? I just woke up in the middle of the night, like… -I was going into– -Were you for sure they were doing it? -Yeah. -Were you just, like, crying? Mascaras just pouring down your eyes or…? [stammers] I just stood there. I was like… Uh… -Did you ever bring it up to them? -No. This is first time– You just suppressed -all this trauma. -Yes. -You never processed it. [chuckles] Well, I got good news for you. -because your parents are actually here! [audience cheers] Please welcome Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson! Come on out! His parents are here! Hes gonna process all his trauma! Give it up for his parents, everybody! [cheering continues] -Theyre here. Yes! They are finally gonna close the loop. Yes! Thank you. Thank you so much. [audience shouting] -Holy shit! [audience screaming and cheering] [audience laughs] Holy shit. He hasnt watched this since he was five. We gotta close the loop. [shouting continues] [laughing] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh… Its this for, like, 45 minutes, guys. [audience members whooping] [Eric laughs] [laughing] Okay. Okay. Okay. Wow. All right. All right, I think thats enough. -I think weve all… seen enough. [audience cheering] -Thank you. [audience applauds] Thank you to your parents. God bless em. Im a cashew, actually. Im Catholic and Jewish. [audience laughs] But Im neither. I dont believe in any of that shit, man. I love being a Jew. I love– [stammers] I fucking– I love being a Jew. -Im proud of it. [audience applauds] Long lineage. Sigmund Freud. -Larry David. I love all that shit. [audience laughs] I just dont wear the hat or read the book. [chuckles] ‘Cause I dont know if you ever cracked open the Torah, but its a little bit out of date. Its like, [anxious] Dont eat shrimp. It gave Joshua a stomachache. [audience laughs] You can cut the tip of my dick off, but I cant go to Red Lobster? [audience laughs] And I dont know the story of Jesus. Its always confused me. I tried to chase it and figure it out. It doesnt make any goddamn sense. Okay, so Jesus was a carpenter, right? So, he flipped houses and renovated bathrooms and shit. [audience laughs] And he also did miracles, which arent a real thing. So I guess he did magic tricks. So this guy is like Tim The Tool Man Taylor, -meets Criss Angel, right? [audience laughs] Hes like, Do you want some water, or… [buzzing] Pinot Grigio? [audience laughs] And a bunch of desert drifter illiterates were just like… [frenzied] Whoa! [audience laughs] I kicked off this tour in Europe, and I went– I did great drugs, and we went to these fucking crazy sex clubs. And theyre not fucking pent up or weird about anything. And I come back here, and Americans are so fucking buttoned-up, man. You cant show a nipple on Instagram. You cant smoke a joint in Texas. And the reason we got like this, is because we were founded by the pilgrims. And the pilgrims were the worst, -bummer, buzzkill narcs of Europe. [audience laughs] And they thought western Europe was Sodom and Gomorra, and that God was gonna strike it down with his laser beam eyeballs. So, they all hopped on the Mayflower in 1620, and they moved to Plymouth, Massachusetts to start a Calvinist theocracy. And Calvin, John Calvin, their spiritual forefather, their fucking Yoda, the founder of Calvinism, was this uber-Christian, shriveled up, dower, murderous French clergyman, who would have his– He was like the original incel, -this guy, okay? [audience laughs] And he would have his fucking critics tortured and murdered. He had his stepson and daughter-in-law killed for premarital sex. And he fucking– He would drown single pregnant women alive if he found out that they were with child, and they werent married. This guy is the guy that continues to shape all of our morals and all of our politics from beyond the grave. So I beg of you, if youre ever in Plymouth, Massachusetts, please, fill up up your Diva Cups with your pagan, Wiccan, -satanic period blood, [audience cheers] -splash it all over Plymouth Rock. [cheering continues] Hop in an airplane. Go to Geneva, Switzerland where John Calvins buried, and have bottomless, unprotected anal sex [audience cheers] -on that motherfuckers tombstone. Cancel John Calvin. -It is your civic fucking duty! [audience applauds] Yes. [cheering continues] Thank you. You know what I believe in? Live, laugh, love. [audience laughs] I went back to Florida recently, and I visited my parents. [men whoo] And, uh… I text messaged this girl, Jessie, that I used to hook up with back in the day, right when I got to Florida. -I texted her, Come over. [chuckles] [audience laughs] ‘Cause Im a real romantic Casanova motherfucker that cuts straight to the chase. [gruff] Come over! And, uh… she didnt respond to that crass text. So, my follow-up text was 10,000 times worse. I go, [nasally] Are you mad at me? [audience laughs] -Its the lamest, neediest– [aggressively] Come over! [nasally] Are you mad at me? [audience laughs] [clicks tongue] And then, a few minutes later, she very politely wrote back, No. Sorry. Im in Colorado with my boyfriend. No big deal. I didnt know she was in Colorado. I didnt know she had a boyfriend. Pretty benign conversation, right? Or so I thought, because then I got a text from a number I do not know. -Okay, check this out. [audience oohs] So, [chuckles] this guy writes– He goes, Hi! And I go, Who is this? [audience laughs] And they go, Are you a comedian? -And Im like, Yes. [laughs] [audience laughs] Another fan besides my mom. [audience laughs] And then they go, Im Kevin, Jessies boyfriend. Ruh-roh! [audience oohs] And I swear Im not making this up. Ill fucking screen grab and air drop every one of you. -I dont care how long it takes. [audience laughs] Im Kevin, Jessies boyfriend. I got a joke for ya. This guy keeps bothering my girlfriend, to the point where I get involved. Wanna know the punchline? Keep it up, youll find out. [audience laughs] [groans nasally] Gulp. [stammers] And the texts are coming through green, so you know hes a suss motherfucker. [audience laughs and applauds] Looking at you, Android users. [audience laughs] So, I just write him back, Uh… What are you, dude? A bad guy from an 80s spring break movie? [audience laughs] ‘Cause who in the fuck talks like that, a South Park villain? [gruff] See you on the K12, Jarsh. [audience laughs] So let me plug– Wait. Do we got the dongle? Is the dongle here? Okay. All right, check this out. All right, lets bring this out. Can we bring out the screen? [hums] [audience laughing] [humming continues] So I go, What are you, a bad guy from an 80s spring break movie? And look at this guys response. [whining] [audience laughs] -Uh-oh. Five paragraph essay. Eric, Im normally a pretty civil guy. [clears throat] [audience laughs] You asking my girlfriend to come over, thats funny. We can go back and forth, but Id rather not waste my time. Leave Jessie alone. Dont call her. Dont text her. ‘Cause youre not her friend, just a one hit wonder from her past.; [audience laughs and oohs] Im willing to just forget everything, including your name, number, et cetera. Lets end this, dot, dot, dot, now. [audience laughs] So, I just wrote back, Dot, dot, dot, [gruff] or else. [audience laughs] I was like, Hey, man. Where you texting me from, the Cobra Kai dojo? [audience laughs] Fucking-A, this guy. [laughs] So, let me get– Youre just a one hit wonder from her past. Doesnt make sense in that context. Im sick of my girlfriend -fucking all these one hit wonders, man! [audience laughs] [yelling] She fucked you! She fucked Chumbawamba! Ive had enough! [audience laughs] So anyway, five minutes later, I texted the girl back, -Come over. [audience laughs] Ive been doing this ongoing prank to my mom. This text message prank to my mom. I call it auto-fill roulette. You know, like– You know when youre sending a text and the three little words come up? If you press those words willy-nilly, it makes this, like, crazy, run-on Mad Libs sentence. And if you text that shit to your mom, it drives her fucking nuts! [audience laughs] -So I was wondering– Its not too late. Is there anybodys mom whos awake right now? We can get a few moms going uh, that we can do this text message prank to. Is that cool with you guys? [audience cheers] -Okay, hand your phone to Joe. How are we gonna do this? Come on up. Well figure it out. Yes. Okay. Yes. Perfect. Yes. Oh, okay. Great. All right. I wont say anything that the phone doesnt say, okay? Im only gonna say shit– Perfect! [audience laughs] -How long… do you have? [audience laughs] Thats my mom! Its the phone. Its not me. Zero stars for a… good -night. [audience laughs] Fuck it. Probably my mom and… her… sister… and her… daughter… in the… shower. [audience laughs and cheers] -Its not me. -Take it up with Apple. [audience applauds] Take it up with Apple. Thank yall for… being such a… -bitch. [audience laughs] Its your phone. You shouldnt write bitch so much if you didnt want this to happen. What do you think? You think your moms like, What the fuck is going on, or is she just watching Dateline– Oh! [audience oohs] -Oh, here we go! -Are you okay? [audience laughs] -No. [audience laughs] No, maam. [chuckles] [audience laughs] [phone rings] Oh! [audience oohs] Oh, shit. [audience shouting] [ringing continues] Should I answer it? [audience cheers] [phone chimes] Whats up, Mom? Say hi to New Orleans. [audience cheers] [mom] Oh, no! This is crazy. You woke me up. Youre on my Netflix special. Oh, youre kidding me. Yeah. Nice to meet you. Im Keyand Peele. [audience laughs] I know who you are. Oh, my God. How did you get my number? I stole– [audience laughs] I stole your sons phone when they arrested him. [audience laughs] Oh, my gosh. Just send me 20,000 in bitcoin if you wanna see him alive. [audience laughs] [mom laughs] You on the dark web? You in the subreddits? [audience laughs] Im in my pajamas. I cant do anything right now. Me too! [audience laughs] [mom laughs] Whats your address? Im in New York. You seem chill. Whats your credit card number? [audience laughs] Oh, Ill get it out. Hold on one second. [credit card rustles] Here. -Oh, that– [audience shouting] Oh, shit. You got the Amex corporate? Im taking the private jet up there. Ill be there in 30 minutes. Is your husband right there? Hes downstairs. I told you– Wake his ass up. [audience laughs] Oh, my God. Grab your Diva cup. Were going to Plymouth Rock. [mom giggles] [audience cheers and applauds] [cheering intensifies] How– How is your mother? My moms great. Yeah? Whats she up to tonight? I dont know about tonight, but I– I, uh… I got her to smoke pot with me. Shes 73. [audience shouts] Really? Yeah. She blazed the chronic. Why dont you guys come over here? [audience oohs and cheers] You know what? Ill show you. I think I have something you might like. [audience oohs and laughs] I got some edibles. -Oh! [audience cheers] This moms trippy, bro! [audience applauds] This moms sick. I havent opened them yet. Whats that? I havent opened them yet. Eat the whole thing. [audience laughs and cheers] [all shouting] Do it! [chanting] Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! -Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! [Eric cackling] You wanna say Goodbye, America? Youre in my Netflix special. Say, Good night, America. Good night, America! [audience cheers and applauds] [3rd Ward Bounce playing] [yelling] Good night, America!; [cheering continues] [audience screams] [Big Freedia rapping faintly in song] [cheering fades] [Big Freedia continues rapping] ? Third Ward Bounce Make them hoes count ? Quack.

HANNAH GADSBY@DOUGLAS@2020@The following is the transcript of Hannah Gadbsy: Douglas. In her second Netflix special, named after her dog, Gadsby explores how autism affects her thinking — and takes a little more time to pick on the patriarchy ? Douglas Douglass, apple tree ? ? Have a wife, now let her be ? ? Give me, give me what you got ? ? Im gonna make you what youre not ? ? Douglas Douglass, prickly pear ? ? Have a wife, but I dont care ? ? Give me, give me all your soul… ? Thank you. Thank you so much. Hello. Look at this! Look at this. That… That is a dog made entirely out of crayons. I dont need that. Im part of the problem now. Thats my gold toilet. I had no plans to make it in America. This was not on my agenda. And then what happened though is I wrote a show called Nanette, right, that… Well, then… Thats clear, isnt it? Thats why youre here. Youre not here because of my back catalog of prior, are you? Which does beg the question, if youre here because of Nanette… why? Like, dont get me wrong, it was a good show. Solid bit of work. Im quite fond. But it was a particular show of a very particular flavor. And if that is what has brought… What the fuck are you expecting from this show? Because Im sorry, if its more trauma, I… I am fresh out. Had I known just how wildly popular trauma was going to be in the context of comedy, I might have budgeted my shit a bit better. Honestly. I could have built quite the career out of it. At least a trilogy. But I went and put all my trauma eggs into one basket like a fucking idiot, and now here we are. You want more? Just out of curiosity, by round of applause, who has not seen Nanette? Even less of an idea why the fuck youre here. I mean, welcome. Good on you, taking a punt. And– And dont worry, its fine. This show does not depend on you having seen Nanette. Im not that kind of confident, but… Well see what happens. But other than trauma, you know, I have no way of telling what people are expecting from this show. Right? But what Ive decided is possible is for me to just tell you. And thats whats gonna happen. Thats how Im going to meet your expectations. By adjusting them for you now. So they are exactly what youre gonna get. Then Ill meet them and youll go, Shes very good. And, yes, I am, but I cheat. So thats whats gonna happen before the show even begins, right? Im going to give you a very detailed, blow-by-blow description of exactly how the show is going to unfold. Now this setting of expectations does go on a bit. Ive had to cut the actual show in order to fit it in, but… I believe its worth it, you know? Like, to be able to meet your expectations, its my job. And lets face it, this is my difficult second album, that is also my tenth and some peoples first. You know, its a lot of pressure. So lets set your expectations. When the show begins… When the show actually begins… This is not it. Dont panic. When it begins, Im gonna kick things off with a bit of observational comedy. Right? A bit of, you know, Have you ever noticed… Whats up with that? That shit. Thats what Im starting with. And look, its not very good, Im gonna be perfectly honest with you, because Im not very observant. Typically speaking… vague as fuck, right? Now, fair warning, my observations will be about Americans, which is, broadly speaking, you lot. Right? So… And– And, sorry, but making fun of Americans is still technically punching up, although that window is closing. Um… It is. And so… Im just making hay, you know. ‘Cause I cant speak Russian, so Ive really gotta… get it in while I can. I dont know. I should just also warn you, during the bit where I make fun of Americans… your feelings will smart, because I will be making fun of you there. I just need you to expect that, right? I will be taking the absolute piss, as we say back home, not that you care. And so youll be sitting there, just going, Oh. And fair enough. I dont want to deny your feelings. Have them, please. Let them run through you, definitely. But what I would suggest, strongly, is that you do not invest in those feelings. Dont let them get a grip on you, because what this show is, if anything, is a romantic comedy. So its just, to that end, important that we get off to a shaky start. So thats all… Just dont invest. Feel, but dont invest. Just go with me. Trust me. Dont trust me. Dont trust that person. Um… Anyway… That bit, right? So thats how its gonna start. Bit of observational comedy. Then what Im going to do is I am going to tell you a story about a curious incident that took place in the dog park in the daytime. Oh. Now, its a fun story. Its a fun story. And throughout that story, I will touch on, with consent, most of the major themes of the show, so watch out for those. And it will also include a fair dose of what I call a gentle and very good-natured needling of the patriarchy. So that is in there. So its very important… Its very important that you expect that, because it is there, and if thats not your thing… leave. Ive given you plenty of warning. Just go. Off you pop, man-flakes. Out you go. Go on with you. Now, after that story, Im gonna tell another story. What? Look at me go. I know. Classic. The second story is about a misdiagnosis I received, and Im gonna blame that misdiagnosis squarely on misogyny, because its true. Now, after… After that… Thats just the needle. If that hurts, get out while you can still walk. Now… at the end of that story, Im going to do a bit of what I call hate baiting. Its where I bait my haters. Its a very complex idea. Now the way that Ill do that is I will just say a thing. And I will make no fucking effort to make it funny. Ill just say it and leave it there. I dont care. Now, I would strongly recommend that you do not… You do not take the bait. Do not take the bait. Its not for you. Its bad for you. Youll be all Frothy McFroth Face. Like, just leave it there. Then what Im gonna do is Im gonna move into the joke section, which is jokes, right? Thats why I call it the joke section. Its just joke after joke. Its really… Its classic. Now, if in that bit, you find yourself offended by anything I say in the joke section, please just remember they are just jokes. Even if you find yourself surrounded by people who are laughing at something you find objectionable… just remember the golden rule of comedy, which is, if youre in a minority, you do not matter. You dont. Dont blame me. I didnt write the rules of comedy. Men did. Blame them. I do. Its cathartic. Now… There we are. The joke section works to really ramp the show up, in tone, in pace, and also in my needling of the patriarchy. By that stage, the needle will have become a jousting stick. Uh… Yep. And then, with said jousting stick, Im going to set about tearing my haters a new asshole. Yep. Quick as you like. Brand-spanking new. And the way that Ill do that is by doing exactly what my haters accuse me of doing, which is lecturing you. So in the middle of the show, Im giving a big, old lecture. The twist? Its funny. Its fucking funny. Right? Which is exactly what my haters accuse me of not being. So thats gonna send them on a bit of a loop. May kill them. Fingers crossed. Now, at this stage, youre probably wondering, and rightly so, why would I focus on my haters? Why would I do that? That is self-indulgent. Yes. And, yes, I have read all of Taylor Swifts work. I am aware of the great sage of our age. I do understand that haters are just gonna hate, hate, hate, hate. Hate. Hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate. And shes not wrong. They are repetitive. So why wouldnt I… Why wouldnt I follow her lead and just shake it off? Why wouldnt I do that? Just shake, shake, shake… Its one reason. That is one reason. The other reason is because Im not convinced our friend Tay Tay… has been a victim of an actual hate crime. And I have. So, naturally, the way that we deal with online hate is going to differ. Personally, I like to snack on it. Yep. Nom, nom, nom. This body doesnt just happen. I am a real hate patootie. Now, after Ive dealt with my haters there, sent them on their little fugue spiral, what Ill do then is change gears dramatically in the show, and I will do that by telling you that I have autism. And Im going to tell you in such a way that its gonna sound like a big reveal. But it just… it really shouldnt come as a surprise. Ive just told you. And… And also because everything in the show up until that point works as a big sequence of red flags that I have autism. Honestly, I have Hansel and Greteled the fuck out of it. It is all there. But because Ive spoiled my own surprise there, in order to make it a big reveal again, I have to rely on staging and lighting tricks to bring it in so you go, Oh, its a big reveal. So the lights are gonna come in, Im gonna sit on this stool here, and its gonna be, Right, now… And– And its not going to work, because youre not fucking idiots. And then, after that bit, Im gonna do a tiny bit of gear about the anti-vax movement. Listen to yourselves. Listen to yourselves. This is… Youre not unusual. Right, Ive toured this show around the world and I can report that no audience anywhere has known how to collectively respond to just the mention… of the anti-vax movement. Pretty much, you just say anti-vax and people are like, Ha, ha, no! So thats gonna be fun. Now, my anti-vax material is different in tone to the rest of the show. At the end of it, youll sit there and go, Ooh. Well, she just needed to get that off her chest. And its true, I do. And I will. But heres the thing. Ive never met a joke… that I havent wanted to call back. Ive never met a joke… Gday. Ive never meta… Meta joke. Thats a pun. Catch up. Right? Now, this is a very pun-heavy show. You need to expect a lot of puns. And you also need to expect one Louis C.K. joke. Listen to that. He is like the anti-vax of comedy, isnt he? Now, I only have one joke. That wasnt it, by the way. The show hasnt started. Were still in the prelude. The one joke… Its very good. I only need one. Its a good… Its a good joke. It was a day off, pens down, have a biscuit, the day I wrote that joke. Fucking good joke. I am so solid, my Louis C.K. joke, its a mic drop moment. And I will drop the mic. Doesnt matter how you respond, I will drop… the mic. Except I wont drop the mic, because you dont know this yet, but you do, I have autism and I find loud noises quite distressing. So what Ill do instead is Ill just place the fucker directly on the ground there. Just pop it down now. Now, that will take away from the theatrics of the moment, absolutely, but lets not be ableist about this. The interesting thing about the Louis C.K. joke is that it happens very late in the show, so late you will have forgotten that I told you to expect a Louis C.K. joke, which means Ive just added an extra layer of mirth to your laugh cake. Yep, because when you laugh at it… and you will. Its very good. As youre laughing at it, you will remember that I told you to expect a Louis C.K. joke and realize youd forgotten. Which means youll laugh like this. Ha, ha– Oh! Which means Ive just added a third layer. Because when you realize, youll go, Thats exactly what she said shed do! – So youll laugh, Ha, ha– Oh! Hey! – laughter] Its once, twice, three times a lady can do that, you see. Hey? Oh. In the right hands, of course. In the right hands. And you only need hands. Who knew? Most women. Now… After the anti-vax material, what Im going to do is Im going to try and let you in on my experience of autism. And Ill do that by telling a story about, uh, my relationship to a penguin that may or may not be inside a box. Uh… I cant promise you itll make more sense then either. And then Ill finish the show out with another lecture. What? Another lecture? Who knew? I did. Now you do. That is what is going on here. Now, I will admit, the– the last part of the show there, I will be much more likable than I am in the beginning. Borderline adorable. Now, youre probably wondering why wouldnt I start with my best foot forward, adorable guns a-blazing? Why wouldnt I do that? Why would I start off being a bit unlikable? Because this is a show about autism. And people with autism rarely make a good first impression. And most people tend to write us off because of that. So this is a show that rewards people who persevere. Who go beyond their discomfort just to see whats on the other side of the spectrum. For those people, this show does work like a romantic comedy. Theoretically, cause theories are sexy. Now, thats it. Thats the show. Thats everything you can expect. Expectations have been set. So the show starts now. Have you ever noticed… how Americans… are not stupid? Whats up with that? Youre not stupid. I was so disappointed to discover that. Because I had been led to believe, by you… that you are as dumb as bricks. And then I meet you all, and then youre not. I mean, youve got your quota, as have we all, but youre not… Do you know what you are? Youre culturally confident. Good on you, I say. Good on you. And you know who else had that skill set? The ancient Romans. And things worked out well for them… for a bit. Dont invest. Its all right. Hold true. Youre all right. Youre all right, America. Hang in there. Invest a little. Now, I think its your confidence that makes you stupid. Bear with me. Dont invest. Honestly, I do, because confidence… Confidence makes you stupid, and Im very confident in that opinion. Because youre so confident in your American-inity that you hang onto things just cause its American and it must be right, right? You hang onto things just cause its American, even if the thing you cling to is proof of literal stupidity. And Ill give you an example. I only need one. Now, we fossil fuel… We fossil fuel our cars with the same stuff you do, in Australia, right? We fossil fuel it with petroleum. Now, petroleum is very heavy of the syllable. We dont have time. Were busy people. We dont have time for syllables. LOL. You know, this is where were at. So weve wisely shortened petroleum here and there, right? In Australia, weve shortened petroleum to petrol. Now, Im not bragging. Thats not… Like, weve just stopped talking. That is all that has happened there. Were just like, Petrol. You have dug a lot deeper into the hat of imagination for your shortening of petroleum, because youve shortened it to gas. Now, the interesting thing about petroleum is that it is a liquid. And the interesting thing about gas, by its very fucking definition… is that it is not a liquid! But you guys would rather gaslight science, or flood it. I dont know how the thinking happens in your head! But you will not change, cause youre like, Its right, cause we thought of it and were Americans. But its not right. It is dumb in the face! When I first started touring here, I was told I should Americanize my language. To which I responded, Fuck off. Americanise is not spelled with a ‘Z, ‘ fuckers. Honestly, Americans are like the straight, white man of cultures. You say, To-may-to, thats all you care about. Like, fuck off. I will not bow to your confidence. I will not say, Sweater. I will be saying, Jumper, and you can cope. Im not suggesting that jumper makes sense. Jumper makes fuck all sense. But what it does do is it sounds fun. Im gonna put on a jumper. Oh, mate, youre gonna have a good day. Off you pop. But you guys, you put on a sweater. Yeah, this is the top I wear to soak up the wet of my body. Mmm. Biscuit. Biscuit. Deal with it. I call someone a dick biscuit later in the show, and when I say… ‘Cause Im mature. And when… I say, Biscuit, I mean what you call a cookie. And not what you call a biscuit, which is what I call a rogue scone. That is a scone what forgot its manners. It is out of control. But I will not say, Dick cookie. I will not. I refuse, cause it doesnt work. When you call someone a dick biscuit, it means we dont want to like them. And dick biscuit does that. It sounds like theyre in Slytherin. Dick Biscuit. Dick cookie? Yeah, its all right. Its like Ravenclaw. No one really knows whats up with them, but they seem all right. They seem fine. And Ive decided that Dr. Cock Biscotti… Hufflepuff. That is definitely Hufflepuff. Dr. Cock Biscotti. And Ive put no thought into Gryffindor whatsoever, cause fuck em. They are like the straight, white man of Hogwarts. What about Hermione? Shes probably a terf. Fuck her. Punching up. I mean, I have made some concessions for you. Im not a monster. Like, Ill say, Waldo. Wheres Waldo? Ive always known him as Wally, but, look, its not that hard. Waldo. Did it. So the trick is there. If you find Waldo, youve found Wally. Its the same guy. And Ive happily taken on a lot of your wordage. Theres a lot about your language I like, America. Like arugula. Yes, please. We call that stuff rocket. Fuck off, rocket. I want arugula. It sounds like a clown car horn. Yes, please. Arugula! And aluminum. Mm-hmm. Yes. We have the same word, but we say, Alu-min-ium. Why would you say, Aluminium, when you can flirt it? Al-u-minum. Stop it, America. And, Yall? Oh, yes, please! Thanks all yall for yall. Im taking yall. I love yall. Because yall is the best, most inclusive second-person, plural pronoun in the English-speaking world. Thank you, the South. What an ally. Im in two minds about fanny. Just the word. ‘Cause, here, fanny is your butt. Your rear end, your backside, your bum. In Australia, fanny refers specifically to the lady front bum, to use inclusive language. I dont know. And when I first heard that everyone in America has a fanny, I thought, Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Im going to the Isle of Lesbos. Giddy up. Thats just a joke. It doesnt belong there. Must have snuck out of the joke section. Apologies there. No, Ive known about the fanny discrepancy for a very long time. I will never forget the day I discovered fanny meant a different thing here than it does back home. I was at school, I was reading a book. It was an American book. Untranslated. Ive always had a bit of a gift for the languages. Now, it was just a random childrens book about four kids on an adventure and part of their adventure… Apparently these four children slid down a hill. On their fannies. And I lost an afternoon. I lost an afternoon trying to make that work in my minds eye, because that is not how you go down a hill! If you go down a hill like that, that is not a decision. Youve tripped. And what are the chances of four children synchronized-tripping… and it not rating a mention from the narrator? Fuck all. So why would you choose to go down like that? Its not aerodynamic, and I dont care how you identify, that is vulnerable. And which way do you go? Head first? Feet first? Well, neither are aerodynamic. And what the fuck do you do with your knees? I should probably tell you what Douglas means. ‘Cause it means a very different thing here than it does back home. In Australia, a Douglas is slang for a kangaroos uterus. Its fucking not. Like, why would we have slang for that? For fucks sake. Australians are not even that Australian. Come on. It was just my dogs name. Ive named this show after my dog. His names Douglas. Um… Its weird that thats the thing you clap, but cool. Well done, you named your dog and then your show after the same… Youre not so weird anymore. Um… Douglas is my first dog. Douglas is my first dog. As an adult. I had lots of dogs when I was growing up. Our family went through them a bit. We lived on a busy road. – Um… – Oh… All right. Thats where youre at. Look, it just… really paints a picture of a time and a place. Look… Douglas is fine. I dont live on a busy road anymore. I take good care of the boy. I take him to the dog park. And anyone who goes to a dog park on the regular knows that no good conversation is ever had… at a dog park. They are just festivals of small talk, and that is not my natural habitat. You dont know why yet, but you do. Now, I want to tell you a story about a terrible conversation I had at the dog park once. This bloke just walks up to me. I mean, he had a dog. He wasnt just being creepy. He had context. I want to tell you this. Its not pertinent to the story, but I want you to know. His dog had shoes on. And his dog did not want to have shoes on. He was doing that, like… And it was a whippet situation, and theyre shaky at the best of times. We dont know why. Are they cold? Are they nervous? But it was like just… It was a lot. Now, its not important to the story, but it was a lot in my periphery, so I just want you to know. Added stress. Now, this was my, uh, friends icebreaker. Wed never met. This was his icebreaker. He said, Did you know… it takes less muscles to smile than frown? The men in the audience are sitting there going, Oh, youve experienced an isolated incident. And the women are sitting there going, Oh, for fucks sake. And non-binary folk are like, Is that a hard day for you? Is it? Now, as far as icebreakers go, its a fucking shit one. Basically what hes saying is, Your face is wrong. Can you change it? Like, honestly. And even if I gave him the benefit of the doubt, right, and truly believed that energy consumption was his chief concern… That he was just looking at me, going, If only she knew. She could live her best life. She could get so much more out of her day if only she knew. Like, even if I believed that, the thing is, I was neither smiling nor frowning. My face was neutral, which takes fuck all muscles. Now, I am aware that my neutral face is not particularly chipper. Like, I do look like someone stabbed a potato with a spoon upside down. Honestly, like… No muscles. Neutral. Now, I have resting bitch face. Thats what its called. Thats what its colloquially known as. Resting bitch face. Only women have resting bitch face. Men simply have very important thoughts youd best not interrupt them having. Honestly, no one has ever gone up to a man while hes a stranger and gone, Cheer up, love. It may never happen. No! As far as icebreakers go, that was a bit shit. Do you know how I responded? I started frowning. I started using muscles Id had no intention of using just moments earlier. But he thought it went very well, so he stepped the conversation up another notch, and he said, What is your dogs name? Classic. And I responded by saying, Doug. ‘Cause hes only Douglas when hes in trouble, I discovered. Now, when I said, Doug, this mans response was a little much. Hes basically… I said, Doug, and hes gone… Good one. And I said… Its not. I dont know why. I think I was still in Frown Land. Ive just gone, Its not a good name. And he said, It is. So I said, Its not. So lets just… This is whats happening. Im having an argument with a stranger in the dog park about whether or not my dogs name is good, and Im not on the side youd assume Id be on. And his dog had shoes on. We had more important things to talk about. Instead, were going, Its a bad name. Its a good name. Eventually, hes like, Look. Its a good name, because Doug… Dogs dig. Doug. Now it was a singularly humiliating moment as a professional comedian to have my own joke, that I hadnt even thought of, explained back to me. As if I had thought of it, but just forgot. Like, I didnt notice. Id had Doug for over a year. Hadnt fucking clocked that his name was a pun. Humiliated. So I did what any reasonable, mature person would do. I lied. I said, No. Ive– His names Douglas. And I named him after the Pouch of Douglas, I will have you know. And he said, What is the Pouch of Douglas? And its a fair question, because the Pouch of Douglas is an obscure situation. So I explained. I said, The Pouch of Douglas is a bit of potential space that exists, and its situated between the anal cavity… and the uterus in the female, biological sex reproductive environment. At the dog park! And this guy did not blink. Hes just frozen. And he started frowning. And… he was suddenly working very hard. And I took that look of fear mingled with vague repulsion and mistook it for genuine curiosity. And I thought, This man wants to know more. So I explained, Its neither front, nor back. Its right in the middle. Its in fanny neutral territory. Well call it fanny Switzerland. And it doesnt have its own entrance, I said, as if that made it all better. Like, you cant… You cant just get to it. Although, if you were to stick your thumb up the bum and your finger up the relevant vagine… and clap… that bit in there… thats your Pouch of Douglas. In there. At the dog park! ‘Cause its not an actual thing. Its just… Its a crawl space for emergencies. The best… The best way I can explain it is this. Youve got a suitcase and you want to open the suitcase. You take the zip all the way around the suitcase, but when you go to open the suitcase, it does not open, because you have not used the zip zip. Youve used the funny zip, which does go all the way around the suitcase, but it doesnt fucking open. It just mocks you. So when you go to open the suitcase, it just does that… And now, you have not opened the suitcase. But what youve done is youve created a bit of extra space in there, and you cant see it, and you cant access it. But you know its there. That is the Pouch of Douglas. Thank you. Im delighted. Im delighted you enjoyed my explanation of the Pouch of Douglas, because my friend at the dog park did not. I just still cant get over that theres something inside of me, in a very particular part of my body… called the Pouch of Douglas. Its fucking weird, borderline not okay. But it is also a reminder that we do live in a world where everything has been named by men. Everything. Everything. And that was named after a man. Dr. James Douglas, who was an 18th century Scottish man midwife. What an uncomfortable collection of demographics that is. Like, do not headline your LinkedIn with that. That is a mistake. It was named after Dr. James Douglas, because apparently he found it first. What a day. What a day he must have been having. Just rummaging around a lady cadaver. Rummage, rummage. Hobbies were different then. He must have just found her funny zip, and then saw it sitting there, all void, no name. At which point, Dr. James Douglas must have thought, Well, this is it. This is my shot at legacy. Honestly, it just never ceases to amaze me how little men have to do in order to be remembered. He found a not thing and called dibs. We would live in a very different world if women had participated in the naming of things. Like, do you fellows honestly believe youd have balls if women had been at that meeting? No. ‘Cause heres the thing. Women dont think of your testicles as a sport or a game. You like to play with them. That is your bag and your bag alone. Cool story. But how would you like it if wed have given you Karens handful? How the fuck would you like that? Just having an olde woman with a grip around your tenderloins all fucking day. How would you like that? Im so sorry. Im clearly not an expert. What is this? I am sorry. I think, in my minds eye, Karen is a marionette. Just… What do balls…? I had to see a doctor… Uh, this is a while ago. Um… ‘Cause I had some issues with my Douglas environment, very broadly speaking. Um… And my regular doctor was away, so I was seeing her replacement. Uh, now, the replacement doctor was not a doctor I would ever have chosen for myself. We werent a good match. We didnt get along from the get-go. He was a fucking arrogant asshole. I mean, he was a qualified doctor as well. Yes, absolutely. But that is a Venn diagram with a lot of crossover. Were going to call him Dr. Dick Biscuit. Okay, there it is. Now, Dr. Dick Biscuit decided, after running no tests, that the solution to my Douglas malaise… was that I should go on the pill. The pill. Theres more proof men have named all the things. The pill. Thats a bit fucking vague, isnt it? Most things you prescribe, Doctor, could be called a pill. Hes like, Yes, but this is the pill. The pill. It sounds like theres just a giant pill in the town square we all scurry out and nibble on, Mmm, its Monday. What does it do? Witchcraft. Shut up. Call it a pill. I said to Dr. Dick Biscuit, Look, I dont want to take the pill. Ive been on the pill before and the pill tends to give me suicidal ideation. You thought I was all out of trauma. Now, Dr. Dick Biscuit didnt enjoy me bringing that to the table. The table being a consultation about my body. Hes like, No. No, thank you very much. And do you know what he did? He shushed me. He said, You will do well to listen to me. It was our first fight. And I did what I always do in a bit of conflict. I made a joke. This was my joke. I said, Instead of going on the pill, how about I have a hysterectomy? Yep, you get it. I dont know why he didnt get it. As far as jokes go, thats a classic. I cant… think of a context where that wouldnt be a joke. Like, on what planet would I have control over my own body? Not this one. So clearly, its a joke. And also, it should have been clear, because I used jokey words. I didnt use formal terminology. I did not say, Hysterectomy. What I said was, Why dont we just whip out the whole kit and caboodle? Then, if that wasnt clear enough I was joking, I followed it up with, Besides, Ive heard decluttering is in fashion, Doctor. And this does not spark joy. Thank you. Im delighted. Im delighted you enjoyed that joke. Because Dr. Dick Biscuit did not. He did not get my joke. And so, I did not get his humanity. And things just escalated from there, and he just began shouting at me. Right? And when he just fully laid into me, at which point I began to cry, and then Dr. Dick Biscuit took my distress as proof… his diagnosis was correct. Clearly, I was hormonal. Classic cop-out, Dick Biscuit. Fuck me. Men calling women hormonal. Pretty much its the number one hobby of mankind of all time. Like, a man is allowed to call a woman hormonal just whenever a woman says or does something a man failed to predict. Thats it. Its like, I wasnt expecting that, so, clearly, youre just a clusterfuck of internalized chaos you make up to be a bitch. Like, men call women hormonal as if men dont have hormones. Thats the bit that shits me. Because newsflash, fellas, youve got hormones. And sometimes you get testy. Yeah, you do. Sometimes Karen gives it a bit of a squeeze… and you get upset. And fair enough, youre only human. Happens to the best of us. Look, Ive been known to want to nibble a bit of dark chocolate on a full moon. I dont know. Witchcraft. But Ive never had to punch a door. So we all have our things, fellas. Like, honestly, what do you think boys will be boys means… if men are so good at neutralizing their hormones? Like, its not the convenient alibi for sexual assault that so many people are so desperate for it to mean. Know what boys will be boys means? It means we are not preparing our boys for the real world. It means we know. We know that boys are at the mercy of their hormones. Were just culturally incapable of holding them accountable for their actions, so we hold women accountable. Stop it! Its bait, you fucking idiots. Its bait. Leave it! Its not for you. Its not a rally. Fuck. Every time I do that, I feel like Ive got to walk around the bait. Look, I dont need my hormones to be unreasonable. I would just love men to know that. Like, I dont need… I can just be unreasonable cause I dont wanna. I have plenty of what I call puffer fish moments. Right? You know puffer fish? Those fish that get startled and go, Oh, this is a solution. Its not. Thats what happens. I get filled with this impotent fury and I cant do anything about whatever it is Im angry about, because Im just like… If you eat me, Ill fuck you up, but otherwise Im just over here. And its only little things thatll set the puffer fish off. Little things. Not the big picture. Little things, like the paleo diet. Dont even look sideways at me with that shit. Because my response is out of control. Its disproportionate. Someone will just innocently say, Im on the paleo, and Ill go, Are you? First of all, I dont care. Two, your breath stinks. Eat some fucking fiber, for fucks sake. Three, we dont know what they ate. We have no clue what paleolithic humans actually ate. But we are dead certain they didnt eat cauliflower popcorn, you prick! And, you see, it doesnt matter where on my cycle I am. Same rage. Wheres Waldo? is another one. Fuck him. Because why is Waldo? Why? Why? Why have we wasted so many hours out of the lives of generations of children looking for that prick? Because you look and look, and looking is an investment. Youre caring, and then you start to worry. I hope hes okay. And then you find him and nothing is ever the matter. Ever! Hes only ever on holiday, having quite a nice time of it. Fuck you, Waldo! He should have to find himself, like the rest of us have to. Honestly. If you want to see a childrens book illustration of white male privilege, it is that guy. Because here is a man who makes no effort. No effort to help himself, yet fully expects everybody on Earth to give a shit about his whereabouts at all times. Just change your ugly fucking jumper, mate. To be honest, that one does fluctuate depending on the moon and the tides. But ultimately, what a waste of my emotional resources. I also waste them on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Big issue. Its Donatello. Ill tell you why. Now, if you didnt know, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are a street gang, and, weirdly, that is not my issue. Its a comic book, television, film franchise and the target demographic for it is pretty much young boys. Now, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have names. They are Michelangelo, Leonardo, Raphael, and Donatello. They are named after Renaissance artists. Because nothing says frescoes like nunchucks. Am I right? Im not right. Now, the interesting thing about the Renaissance, what we popularly understand as the Renaissance is the Italian High Renaissance, and that was a very short art movement. Twenty years, over. It went from 1500 to 1520. Done. Now, Michelangelo, Leonardo, Raphael, all at the height of their artistic prowess during those 20 years. Donatello, oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. He was dead. Dead by 1465. He does not belong in their street gang! Hes dead! Do you know who belongs in that street gang? Titian. By rights, it should be Titian. Do you know why Titian… Do you know why Titian is not in that street gang? Because the target demographic of that television show could not handle a name that begins with tit because of their fucking hormones. We are not preparing our boys for the real world. Or history, which they wrote. Weird. And theyre tortoises. They are not turtles! They are tortoises. Tortoises are the clomp, clomps. Turtles are the flip, flips. Now, I understand… I understand that theyre mutants. I get it. But they are using nunchucks. This means they need to have some terrestrial dexterity experience, and this is not enough! We are not preparing our boys for the real world. What if they went to the Galapagos? Fucked. My most recent puffer fish… was during a conversation with this bloke who was trying to tell me that golf is not a sport… because it doesnt put stress on your cardiovascular system. Isnt that not interesting? Doesnt matter how you spin it. Dull. And it gets worse, because he kept talking. He said, If youre participating in something and it doesnt put stress on your cardiovascular system, youre not participating in a sport. Youre merely playing a game. And that conversation made me so fucking angry, it felt like a sport. Now, I hope nobodys in here, just going, Finally, oh. Someone here to defend golfs honor. That is not whats happening here. In fact, I hope golf is sad. I hope golf is all sooky la la, cause I fucking hate golf with all the reasonable rage I can muster. What a monumental waste of land, time, and water. For fucks sake. Honestly. Men who have families and play golf are cunts. You dont have time, fellas. Youve got a family. Not a spare six hours to just waltz around a park with your mates while your womenfolk do unpaid labor! Grow up! Theres more proof men have named all the things. Whats the worst thing you can call someone? Cunt. Its a reference to female genitalia, and I wont have it. When I use the C-word, I mean it. I mean it to be the worst thing you can call someone, but I dont associate it with my own biology or anybodys biology. Do you know what I see in my minds eye when I use the C-word? A literal golfer. Just a rich, white chump in chinos and one glove. What a cunt. Honestly, it cannot be a coincidence that theyre called cunt-ry clubs. Come on. Ill tell you what, my… my last show, Nanette, gave a lot of people the puffer fish. Like, pfff, you know youve made it. And I say people, but it was only men. Hashtag not all men. Okay? Of course, its not all men. Its never been all men. Generally speaking, its really only the men who use that hashtag. Theyre the ones. You know, men, pronounced me. You know, theyre the ones who go out of their way to let me know that Nanette was not comedy. Because it didnt make me laugh every step of the way. First of all, good. If that show made you laugh all the way through, what the fuck is wrong with you? Secondly, yes, I turned the laugh tap off myself. It was a decision. I stand by it. Its not like I got halfway through and thought, Fuck, Im out of jokes. Ill tell a sad story. I hope anyone wont notice. I know better than anyone that what I did with Nanette was not technically comedy. But Im also not a fucking idiot. I wanted that show to have an audience, and a broad audience, and if that meant I had to trick people… by calling it comedy… thats technically a joke. But I have to say… I have to say, a bad joke made so many men so viscerally angry Im surprised nobody accused me of writing a sport, honestly. It… Look, first of all, it doesnt bother me. Right? This doesnt bother me. Look, look. Ive still got the loud stick. I dont feel threatened. In fact, I-I like the hate. Death threats aside, its fun. Nom, nom, nom. Right? But the thing is, whenever I have a puffer fish… I always work under the assumption – that the problem is mostly me, right? – If Im like… It just doesnt seem like a good place to start a dialog. I have never written a letter to Donatello or Waldo. Like, no point. Ones dead and ones never home. But still, I just… Wouldnt occur to me. But to this day, I still get men sliding into my DMs to let me know, in all caps, that theyve never heard of me. Its a riddle. How do they know? Look, I cant experience the humiliation I know theyre so desperate for me to feel because I cant help but feel worried for them. Because thats a tough life. If new things are so painful… Ow. They… Thats a learning difficulty. Imagine school for someone like that. Long division. Ive never fucking heard of it! I got accused of doing all sorts of nefarious things in lieu of comedy. I really did. Like a monologue. What a monster, if true. A glorified TED Talk. Uh-oh. A one-woman show. A lecture. A fucking lecture. Can you believe that one? The cheek of that one. A lecture. Nanette was not a fucking lecture. It wasnt a monologue either. It wasnt like I was sitting on a stool like a stunned mullet in a spotlight. It wasnt a fucking monologue. And a glorified TED Talk? Why do they need glorifying? They are fine. And a one-woman show? No shit, Sherlock! And it wasnt a fucking lecture. You want a lecture? Ill give you a fucking lecture. This is a lecture! Now, there is some debate… as to when the High Renaissance actually began. Some put it at 1490, while others argue it began in 1500. Either way, Donatello was fucking dead. Back in the 16th century, Karen had very, very cold hands. Give them a rub, Kaz. Come on. Now, this is Raphaels School of Athens. This is where Raphael has so kindly painted all the men who named all of the things. Now… strictly speaking, these are not Raphaels contemporaries, although he has used their likeness. But basically, these are the ancient Greeks, and, by the time Raphael painted this, all the Greeks were dead. Not all the Greeks. I am so sorry. There are still a lot of Greeks alive and thriving in the world today. Hello and welcome. No, just the ancient Greeks. They are all dead. They lived on a busy road. It was built by the ancient Romans. Now, who have we got here? Weve got Pythagoras. Hes busy naming all the triangles. Thats acute one. Youve got Socrates here. He took a bit of a tumble. Classic Socrates. Good with the thoughts, shit with the walk. Get up, mate. Arugula. Now, what were the women doing while all the men were doing the very important naming of all the things? From my research, what I gather, women were generally standing around in groups of three, naked, just waiting for men to name all of the things. You can see it happening with this central figure. Shes saying, What have you got in your hand there, Karen? Oh, just a couple of bits and bobs. Women were just holding things. Just waiting, hoping it wasnt poisonous. Waiting for men to name the things. This was painted before beds were named. You can see women desperately trying to make the beds, just flinging the linen into the trees willy-nilly. Just going, Oh, I dont know. Mm, lets just build a fort. Well make it a fancy fort. Yay, we finished the fort! Dancing naked in groups of three in the forest is the number one hobby of women of all time. And dont we just love it. Isnt that the safest thing youve ever heard of? Oh, we love it. Now, this might just look like a footloose, fancy-free frolic in the forest on a bank holiday, no drama. But let me draw your attention to this group here. That is too tight for fun times alone. It suggests tension. What has happened? Has someone mentioned the paleo? No. What has happened is this central figure here has realized that this bit of cloth, this waft of gauze, this potential fort, if you will… has made its way so far up her clacker… So far up her clacker, it has both fannies covered. And she is upset. Now, its worth pointing out, at this juncture, that this is not a photograph. This is not an accidental photograph… taken of an unfortunate moment. Awkward. No, what this is, is a painting. Which makes this… a decision! Its a decision that a man made and spent time on. Ah… I have autism. Its a tiny monologue. I was very late diagnosed. Only four years ago. Diagnosed four years ago. But I-I self-diagnosed first, which is a great way to approach any specialist. Ooh, they love it. Oh. They say, Tell me more about what you think. Um… But the only reason I even thought to self-diagnose was because people kept telling me. It was usually after a show. People would just come up to me and say, I think you have autism. To be fair to every single person thats ever done that to me in my life, I think they were all on the spectrum. Because thats how we roll. Pretty much, its like, I have a piece of information you seem to be missing. You may or may not be ready to hear this information, but Ill tell you, because knowledge is power, ignorance is a cage. and feelings can be dealt with. I bid you good day. My issue was I didnt understand enough about autism to understand how I could have autism. Because what we popularly understand autism to be is just something that only affects young boys that like maths a lot. And, to this day, neither of those things apply to me. So people would tell me, I think you have autism. Im like, I dont understand how you got that. I mean, sure Ive been vaccinated, but other than that… Oh, hey! Oh. Here it is. Oh. Strap yourselves in. Of all the toxic myths about autism, thats got to be right up the top. Not least because we know… that vaccinations do not cause autism. Do you know what causes autism? No. You fucking dont. And if… If you honestly think you do, your confidence is making you stupid. Now, I also know that theres nothing I can say that can change an anti-vaxxers mind. I know that, because thats not how closed minds work. They dont work. Theyre closed for business. Right? So… like, to open a closed mind, it has to be an inside job. So I know theres nothing I can do thatll change an anti-vaxxers mind. Im gonna have a go anyway. Gonna have a go. Because my theory is, by accusing them of having a closed mind, theyll be reactive and go, No, I dont, and Ill get in. And there will be anti-vaxxers in this room. Absolutely. Do not identify yourselves. Do not. That is not whats happening here. You are outnumbered. And I know you like to willfully manipulate statistics, but this is even beyond you. And also… And there will be anti-vaxxers in this room, make no mistake, because my core demographic is rich, white, entitled women, and that is a Venn diagram with a lot of crossover. But if you are an anti-vaxxer, I can guarantee you, you will not like this next bit. But if youve been laughing the whole way through the show and you suddenly stop now, everyone will know. So if thats not what you want to happen… just do a bit of this. You will not be enjoying it. Just do a bit of that. All right, anti-vaxxers. Lets pretend youre right. Youre not. Pretending is not science, but lets… Lets im– Lets pretend youre right, that vaccinations cause autism. They dont. Now what? Because, as somebody who exists on the autism spectrum, let me say this to you. Im happy to take one for the team. And Im not suggesting that autism is easy. It isnt. It is difficult. And I will not and cannot deny that. But as difficult as this life is, its nice to have a life, and its particularly nice to have that life in a world without… polio! Polio is bad! And that is a fact, not a feeling. And I would much prefer to have autism than be a sociopath like you. Let me explain. ‘Cause if you honestly think that your child, your only, single child, is more important than all the other children collectively, youre not playing for the team. And if you dont want to play for the team, why the fuck are you even having children? Get a pet rock and delete your fucking blog! Got that off my chest. Now, I do know that once this is streaming, that little bit… is opening me up to a whole world of a hate campaign from the anti-vax movement. Because, make no mistake, they are coordinated. They are not random. They are a cult. And Ive only been… Ive only been telling this material one room at a time, and the hate is already trickling in, and it is targeted, and it is venomous. But it doesnt bother me. Dont worry about it. Like, I snack on it. Mmm, nom, nom, nom. Its really… Its fine. You have worked out why I do that, yeah? Why I snack on hate? Youve worked it out? Its how you build up immunity. Its called micro-dosing. Yeah. Your hate is my vaccine. What are you gonna do? Ive already got autism. I have whats called high-functioning autism, which is a terrible name for what I have, because it gives the impression that I function highly. I do not. To give you an idea of what it feels like to be on the spectrum, basically, it feels like being the only sober person in a room full of drunks. Or the other way around. Basically, everyone is operating on a wavelength you cant quite key into. To give you a visual… This woman… is on the spectrum. That is… the story of my fucking life. Honestly. Oh, it was a funeral same place, same time last week. Why didnt I get the memo? Why are they kissing? I dont like the sound. I never get the memo. I never do. Ive always missed the memo. I remember going from being the teachers pet to bring the teachers nemesis in one lesson. And until I was diagnosed, I never understood what had happened. The lesson was on prepositions, so strap yourselves in for this story. Now, I do like my teacher. She was a good teacher. I liked the way she explained things, but we lost each other this way. This is how she began the lesson. She said, Imagine a box. And I could do that. I was gifted to a point. Visual thinker. Good box, solid. Three-dimensional, nothing fancy, but there. And then she said, A preposition is a word that explains your relationship to the box. And thats when my thinking just fell apart, because I thought, Im related to a box? Then she said, Now, you can be behind the box. Does anybody know what the preposition is there? No, they didnt, but I had a question. I said, Am I made of box? Now, let me bring you into my thinking there. I thought if I was related to a box, we must share DNA, and it made more sense in my head that I would be made of box than the box would be made of me. But my teacher was not privy to that gifted train of thought circling my head there. So she was a bit thrown, and she said, No, Hannah, youre not made of box. Im surprised you had to ask that. So, okay, you can be in front of the box then. Does anybody know what the preposition is there? No, they didnt. But I had another question. I said, Does the box have a name? I thought if I had a name, I could work out how we were related. Maybe we were cousins. And she said, No, its a box. Boxes dont have names, Hannah. What boxes do you know have names? And I started listing breakfast cereals. Shes like, All right, okay. You can be beside the box. Does anybody know what the preposition is there? No, they didnt. But I had another question. I dont remember my thinking behind this question, but I remember asking it, because when I did, everybody laughed and I had no idea why. But I remembered really liking the feeling. Uh-oh. This was the question. I said, Am I allowed to eat the box? Of course, yes, everybody is laughing, except me and the teacher. Looking back, I dont know why the fuck she wasnt laughing. As far as jokes go, thats a classic. A baby dyke just asked if she was allowed to eat the box. She didnt think it was funny. She was like, Okay. All right. Okay. Calm down. Okay, we might be on the wrong track. How about we imagine something else in relation to the box then? Okay? How about a penguin? Now, the penguin can be inside the box. Does anybody know what the preposition is there? No, they didnt, but I had some fucking questions about the penguin. I said, What is the penguin made of? And that was the question that broke my teacher. You know youve broken a teacher when a teacher who never swears swears bad. So I went, Whats the penguin made of? And shes like, Penguin? I mean… Its made of fucking penguin! And as far as answers go, thats… mwah. Like, that is watertight. That is a stunning answer. You cant logic out of that answer. That is a good answer. At that point, I thought, I might be on the wrong track. But I had other questions pressing, but I thought, Now doesnt seem the time. She seems upset. So what I thought is, I might hang on to my question. Thats what I thought, and that was my mistake. I should have asked my question then while we were in the thick of it… or not at all. Because I did the worst possible thing. I waited until she felt safe. Then I asked my question. But I waited so long, it wasnt even the same lesson. It was much later in the day, in silent reading. I waited so long, it wasnt even a question anymore. It was more of a theory, and that made it worse. I said, What if… the penguin ate the box? Wouldnt then you say the penguins a little bit made of box? Shes like, Get out. And that was the first, but not the last time, I was sent out for reasons I had no idea why. Because the thing is, I was genuinely engaged in that lesson. Like, I really– I really wanted to know what a preposition was. I wasnt sitting there going, Prepositions? Ive never fucking heard of them! But as she explained to me later, she said, You were being deliberately obtuse. Im like, But Im not a triangle. I did not learn what a preposition was that day. Look, I understand what they are now. Im all over it. And I also understand, if the penguin ate the box… the penguin would be around the box. Honestly, the day I was formally diagnosed with autism was a very good day. Because it felt like Id been handed the keys to the city of me. Because I was able to make sense of so many things that had only ever been confusing to me. Like why I could be so intelligent but struggle to leave any proof. Why I cant fill in forms. Why… Wh– Why I felt such a profound sense of isolation my entire life, despite trying so hard to be part of the team. And that is a big thing about being on the spectrum. It is lonely. I find it very difficult to connect to others, because my brain takes me to places where nobody else lives. And you cant just start talking to people about the Pouch of Douglas at the dog park. People do not like it. And I tried more than once. But Im not here to collect your pity. Im here to disrupt your confidence. Because, clearly, Ive worked out a way to share my thinking. Havent I? Like, you can call this whatever the fuck you need to call this. A monologue. A lecture. You say Tomato, I say, Ketchup, busy road. Let me dumb it down for you. What this show is is a metaphorical preposition that explains the relationship between what you think you think you see me think… and what Im genuinely able to think. Because I like the way that I think. If the world is right and Im right in it, I can find my funny zip and my thinking expands. There is beauty in the way that I think. I dont think outside the box. But, as it turns out, if I ask nicely, yes, I am allowed to eat the box. Oh, look. Sponsored by McDonalds. Can you see him? Can you see him? What a cunt. Now, this is Saint Bernard. Thats Saint Bernard, thats the Virgin Mary, thats the baby JC, and that is a tiny lion. Now, can you see the main action thats going on in this picture? Can you see whats happening? The Virgin Mary… is lactating on his fucking face. Gday. Now, this guys going, You know, look, Im– Im usually the weirdest thing in a picture. Im a tiny lion. But hes not though, because the Virgin Mary is lactating on his fucking face. Now, this picture tells the story of how Bernard became Saint Bernard. One day, he was regular old Bernard. And then he had a vision. And in that vision, the Virgin Mary appeared to him… and lactated on his fucking face. Now, Im not judging the bloke. Weve all had the dreams. Weve all had them, where we wake up and go, I did not know that about myself. Its fine. Whats weird though is he did not wake up and go, I might file that under ‘Secret.' No, thats not what he did. He woke up and said, Id better tell the fellas. And then the fellas have a meeting and go, This is amazing. Wed better call this one a saint. Hes a saint now, cause… What? Sorry? What? Hes a saint cause what? He had a wet dream? And now hes a fucking saint? He witnessed the miracle of lactation and now hes a saint? He made it about himself, and now hes a fuck… This is a low bar. This is proof men have named all the things and rigged the fucking game. This is not enough. Lets talk about a meritocracy. Now, this is Saint Cecilia. She had to learn the fucking cello! What did Bernie do? Ahh! It is not enough. Isnt it weird that the cello has been invented, but not the music stand? Why are they still relying on small, naked babies? This is my favorite painting. This is The Duchess of Alba by the great Spanish artist Goya. I love it because she would have paid a pretty penny for this portrait, and she paid that pretty penny just so she could tell people for centuries to come… that shes got shoes on. Ive got shoes on! Ive got shoes on! Yall, I got shoes on! That is what I imagine the whippet was saying in the dog park. I got shoes on! Women getting stuck to rocks is the number two hobby of ladies of all time. All time. This is under… This ones made of rock. They are just getting stuck. Look, what is happening here? Like just… Like, what? That is a salty, salty body of water. Like, shes not swimming. Shes just skating across the surface on her fanny. What do you do with your knees? Cats had a stroke. This guy went, Thank God youre in the nude. Im painting a landscape. Thats a big baby. That is a chunker. She would have had to pull the ripcord on the Pouch of Douglas to fit that. This is the Venus of Willendorf. She predates ancient Greek beauty ideals. Do you know when this was carved? Paleolithic times. Im on the paleo, motherfuckers. I am on the paleo. This man is in Slytherin. This man is in Hufflepuff. Look, hes a famoso doctor. Im Dr. Cock Biscotti. I wear two hats. This is Karen, everybody. Here she is. Theres Kaz. There she is, picking her basketful of handfuls. Good on you, Kaz. Still on the vine. Keeps them fresher for longer. Why this decision? That is a decision! That baby could be on the box. He could be beside the box. He could be a fucking penguin! Why? That is a decision! Its also the first known portrait of Louis C.K. ? Douglas Douglass, apple tree ? ? Have a wife, now let her be ? ? Give me, give me what you got ? ? Im gonna make you what youre not ? ? Douglas Douglass, prickly pear ? ? Have a wife, but I dont care ? ? Give me, give me all your soul ? ? Im gonna dip you in my bowl ? ? Long way down ? ? Its a long way down ? ? Its a long way down ? ? And he knows ? ? Douglas Douglass, sticky pine ? ? Have a wife, and thats just fine ? ? Give me, give me what I need ? ? You know I gots to plant your seed ?

PATTON OSWALT@I LOVE EVERYTHING@2020@Dennys is not the problem in this bit. All right? I love Dennys. Ladies and gentlemen, Patton Oswalt! Guys, thank you. Thank you. Please, now just… Everyone. Okay. Oh. Pace yourselves. Theres gonna be some trouble spots later, you cant just use it up now. Im gonna need you to fake it hard about three-fourths of the way in. Thank you, guys. Thank you, Charlotte, so much for coming out. All of you guys, thank you. Oh, my God. Whoo! Ah. Its what… You know, I turned 50 this year and its not… And it… You know, Im not upset about it or… I cant… Look, I cant wait to be 90. Its not that Im sad that Im 50. Im just… This is… These next few decades… Let me just go to 90 now. I wanna be 90, and sit in a chair, and do crossword puzzles, and slowly become racist and die. Like thats… This is all… Ive done what I need to do, Im done. You dont get to sit down when youre 50. Now, when you turn 50 in 2019, forget it. People are like,Youre 50! Well, heres your mountain bike, you silver fox. Lets get you out there. We got goji berries and alkaline water. Youll never die. Like, let me just… Please, God, sit down. And I thought, Oh, when I turn 50, theres gonna be some emotional epiphany, or a physical upheaval, some huge change. Nothing. You know what happened when I was 50? It was Sunday. Thats what happened, and I had to… go to work the next day. There was… Nothing changed. The one… There was one big change. I will give 50 this. There… The one big change for me was, all of a sudden, my breakfast cereal became deadly serious. Like I… Like, overnight. I remember… Recently, my breakfast cereal was fun. The boxes were bright and there words like sugar and pow and crisp in the name. And then there was, like, an animal mascot… screaming next to a bowl, full of colors insulting to nature. Nothing… Nothing in the visual spectrum went into my body in my 20s and 30s. And you turn the box over, and the fun didnt stop! You turn the box over, and there was a word find or a maze. A maze! Help Sugar Bat get to his insulin. And now… all… of… All of my breakfast cereal… First off, the box… is white. Hospital… white. And theres a beige bowl. A color of beige I like to call… bargaining beige. Like, how many bowls of this do I have to eat, so I can have… one Cool Ranch Dorito at three oclock today? How many? That many? And inside the beige bowl, brown cereal. Not chocolaty brown. Not fudge brown. As brown as the dirt in the grave that awaits you! And theres no sugar or pow or crisp in the name. The name is very serious. Sorghum Farms. Sorghum Farms… amaranth flakes. And you turn the box over. Is there a word find? Is there a maze? No. But… there is a short novel about the hippie organic cult farm where theyre growing my amaranth flakes. Paragraph after paragraph of everything you never wanted to know about Sorghum Farms. At Sorghum Farms, we believe in three simple things: farm-to-table eating, locally sourced ingredients, and giving back to the earth three times what we take away. The idea for Sorghum Farms happened outside of a Phish concert in 1990. We were both… selling tie-dye in the parking lot, and we wondered out loud at the same time why our gorp couldnt be tastier. And thats when we both said, ‘Jinx, I owe you a kombucha. And we bought a little farm upstate that was built in 15… Im 50! I cant have coffee anymore. If youre gonna make me read the saddest John Cheever short story first thing in the morning, could you put a couple of startling, disturbing sentences in it? They dont need to be true, just something to jolt me awake, so I can start my day. ‘Cause Im doing my part. Im eating cereal that tastes like an unpopular teenagers poetry. So please… give me… a couple of fucked-up sentences! Sitting there chewing this shit, reading the back of the box. At Sorghum Farms we believe in three simple things. Oh, sweetie, they have a manifesto, look at this. Farm-to-table eating, okay. Locally sourced ingredients, oh, okay. And the idea that black people can walk through walls when it rains. Holy shit! Did you… Oh, my God, theyre fucking crazy. Hang on. Every field of buckwheat we grow is fed by the bodies of three drifters. Oh, shit! Sweetie, its a… Yeah, its a murder farm. Theyre murdering people. I… Oh, my God. Wow. I gotta go on a hike. I… I have a roomy, fertile torso. This could grow a lot of buckwheat. I dont wanna end up in Sorghum Farms in the sharing silo. Um… Thats what I do now, by the way. I hike. Thats my thing now, I hike. Hiking is not… my exercise. Its my activity. Because hiking is not exercise. Hiking is the segue between the actual exercise you did in your 20s and 30s, and then the gentle mall-walking that youre gonna do… in your 70s and 80s. So that youll fit into the tuxedo at the funeral home, cause you dont… You dont want em splitting the back of the jacket open. Thats embarrassing, come on. Lets die with some dignity. So, what I do everyday… I park my car at the base of a hiking trail, then I walk away from my car… until I eventually… turn around… and walk back to my car. And thats… Thats what I do. There I am… out there with all the other 50-year-olds, doing our little doom ovals. And if you were to fly a helicopter low over the Earth, you know what you would see? Youd see… people in their 20s gobbling drugs, eating delicious food, having sex. People in their 30s with actual jobs making the world run. People in their 40s… trying to fuck the 20-year-olds. And then us… gentle, surrendered, 50-year-olds, on our little… futility ovals. We got our earbuds in, listening to podcasts. Which are done by… 20-year-olds that nobody wants to fuck. And then… …on the podcasts, 30-year-olds are selling boner pills to the 40-year-olds. And then, way off in the distance, are 60-year-olds vaguely afraid of Muslims. And thats the world we live in, so… dont fight that cycle, folks. Thats just how it is. But, every now and then, on the hiking trail, a man or a woman will show up who doesnt get the program. Hiking is for trudging defeatedly. All right? Weve all agreed to it. Its unspoken, but its there. But every now and then, somebodys gotta show up, and they gotta do that weird, extra, show-off-y workout shit. Its not enough that theyre hiking, they gotta do that urban workout where you turn the environment around you into your gym. You see a tree branch, you jump up and you fucking do pull-ups, yeah! Where you see a park bench, you drop, you do crunches. Grr! Grab a possum and curl it. Everything… Everything is your gym. And the men and women that do this are already gorgeous! I dont know what… Like, theres no… Theres not an ounce of fat on them, you see every rib and rivet. I dont know what fitness level theyre going for. Its like theyre trying to reach a fitness level I like to call painful to fuck. Like, it looks like… They look like it would hurt to fuck them. Like, youd be so excited. Like, Look at this physical specimen. And then, five minutes into it, youre like, Oh, Im basically lying naked on a floor covered in Legos. I dunno know why I thought this was a… Wow, this is not a good idea. Theres a lot of edges, theres a lot of… Theres a lot of jutting, things are jutting. Pelvic bones like cheese graters! Its like I came, but Im dented. Like, was it worth it? I dont know. I am nowhere near physically fit, but a woman can look at me and go, Look at that comfy, old beanbag chair. You know what Im gonna do? Im gonna pump that guy full of Cialis, climb on top, think of Idris Elba. No one has to get hurt here. No ones feelings have to get hurt. Just doing my business. Im kidding, we would both think about Idris Elba. Have you seen him? Holy shit! Go for the beanbag chair, is what Im saying. Ladies, you dont want some ropy, fitness orc climbing all over you. Probably comes chia seeds and bee pollen. Its just… Ugh. You know what I come? Fresh Twinkie filling. Thats right! Fresh Twinkie filling! Introduce me to your book club! I can still have sex in my 50s. It happens. Theres more work to it, but it happens. Its not like it was in… In my 20s, sex was thought and action. That was it. In my 50s, sex is like… my body… Its like my body is like an understaffed McDonalds during lunch rush, where theres like a… Theres a manager, like, I dunno how were gonna get through this. Well get through this. Its not gonna be our proudest moment, okay? Were not gonna like each other afterward, but it will happen, all right? We got… We have no fish fillets, corporate didnt send us any milkshake lids, but were gonna fucking get through it. If any of you do meth, do it now. I need you to do it now, all right? Were going to serve these people. Theres going to be some crying in the parking lot afterward. Know what Im not doing? Im not eating enough ancient grains. Thats the problem. I gotta eat ancient grains. All of my… All of my health food brags about ancient grains. Theyve got… Or biblical grains. Thats the other big one. Biblical grains! Theres a company… Food For Life, Ezequiel 4:9. Yeah! Breads and cereals. And their big bragging point is, All the grains we use were mentioned in the Bible, specifically in Ezequiel 4:9. Thats their big bragging point. Okay, a few things about… Ezekiel Breads and Cereals. First off, I have enjoyed Ezequiel Breads and Cereals. Theyre delicious! They make amazing products. However… being mentioned in the Bible? Not that big of a deal. A lot of things get mentioned in the Bible. Also, I guarantee you those grains were not mentioned in a good context. I dont know if you read the Bible, but it is torture a-go-go. Every other page its a Takashi Miike film going on in there. And Im sure that something awful was happening near my healthy ancient grains. And yea, though they pulled Isaacs head from his body and showed it to his screaming family, the blood dripped from the roughly hewn stump… and landed on the freshly sprouted amaranth, which was… Okay, you know what? Guys… Im just trying to make lunch here. Why are we… As the lusty Saracen soldiers dragged Judith from her wedding bed, their loins engorged with sinful blood, and laid her roughly in a field of buckwheat… Like… Oh, no! Guys! Can my sandwich not be rape-adjacent? I just… Im just trying to eat healthy. I dont want to get subpoenaed. I bought a house. Yeah, I got a new house. You know, anyone who buys a house knows the second you sign that title deed, somebody presses an invisible everythings broken button. Like, the minute… I crossed the T in Oswalt, it was like, No hot water! Enjoy. Fuck. And you gotta get a contractor. A contractor is a man or woman whos there to fix your shit. They know what to do, they know who to call. But they are also your gateway… to a netherworld… of subcontractors. And subcontractors are men and women who are so beyond damaged… and unable to function in society. And what theyve done to compensate is, theyve taken one skill and honed it to superhuman level, so that you have to work with them. Its like a Suicide Squad for your house. So, you just… You have no choice. Your contractor will come to you and go, Look, Im not happy about this either, all right? But we… This guy is the best he is at what he does. Weve gotta work with him, okay? And before we go any further, I see it, too. Theres a swastika tattoo on his cheek, okay? We all see it. Let me ask you a question. Do you want your wall sconces looking like shit? ‘Cause hes the best wall sconce guy in the valley. So we gotta use him. We had to have wallpaper hung, and my contractor said, I have a wallpaper guy. This dude is Michelangelo. With wallpaper. Hes amazing. Hes a little sketchy. But your wallpapers gonna look amazing. I go, Okay, well lets hire him. So the day came. I go down to the kitchen in the morning, theres a guy in my kitchen. Hes got two wooden sawhorses, and draped over them, big pieces of wallpaper. Hes putting paste on them. And the guy putting up the wallpaper… I cant see him, but I can hear him. Hes in the room where the wallpaper is going up. And hes yelling at the guy with the sawhorses. And hes going, Kirby! You got too much paste near the seams, Its bubbling up. I gotta scrape it. Goddammit, Kirby! I look at the guy with the sawhorses, and I say, I assume youre Kirby. And the guy at the sawhorses said, Theres no Kirby. My name is Daniel. Hes gonna yell at Kirby all day. But your wallpapers gonna look amazing. Okay. And sure enough, every time I went down, that dude was yelling at Kirby about everything, the glue on the wallpaper, the sizes of the pieces of wallpaper, but, a couple of times, I went down, and he was yelling at Kirby about… existential cosmic shit that nobody could control. Like, I went downstairs at one point, and he was saying, Two Fleetwood Mac songs in a row on the radio? Goddammit, Kirby! Like, I couldnt fi… Is Kirby his assistant? Or God? Like, I dont know… And the day ended, Daniel packed up his stuff. The wallpaper guy came out of the room for a second and then bolted out of the house. Like, I feel like if I tried to take a picture of him, he either wouldnt have shown up on my phone… or there would have been a picture of one of those Asian ghost girls, like, pointing at the… You know. I went into the room where the wallpaper was being put up, and the wallpaper looks fucking amazing! So… thank you, Kirby, first off. Thank you. Secondly, we have to have tile put around the fireplace. I cant wait to meet the tile guy. I just want to hear his story. Im waiting for the contractor to come by. All right, dude, I have… a tile guy. This guy is the Da Vinci of wall tiles. He is a… He lives in a bucket in the forest. You have to tie a note to a raven at midnight and let it loose. Hell eventually get it. When he shows up, let him start working, and dont say the word ‘celery to him or he turns into a murder tornado, okay? But your wall tiles are gonna look amazing. So… I, uh… Oh, please! I just realized I could totally brag about, like, I made Netflix build me this oval for my hiking bit. Like that… I demanded it. They didnt. This is what the stage already looked like, but I could go, Yeah, thats the kinda power I have. When I have… If Im doing… Theyll build… I call them up. Yeah, you rolled the red carpet out for Chappelle. I need a fucking oval! My God, its so sad. Oh. I got married again. I got married again. Its… Not to bum you guys out, but I was very, very resigned to living in the gray. I was… After what I went through a couple of years ago, I was just going to… Im gonna live in the gray, and Im just gonna raise my daughter alone and try to put… Focus all the joy and adventure in life on her, and give her that life. I will merely exist. Im not gonna hit joy again, but thats fine, I can still exist. Thats okay. And then, I met this poem of a woman who relit the sky, and I just said, Im going to run at love again. If you see love, run at it! Run at love if you see it! Trust me, run at love! But… the one thing that was weird was I was very, very tense and nervous during the wedding. And the reason was… cause nothing went wrong. The wedding was perfect, and that made me very… The reason that made me tense and nervous was because, when I was teenager, I worked as a wedding DJ on the weekends. In Northern Virginia, I worked for the last DJ company that still used cassette tapes. Well into the 90s. Long after CDs had taken over the landscape. Our boss was like, These tapes sound great. They sound as great as… These tapes were ten years old. Theyd been played 700 times apiece. And hes like, It sounds like the band is playing right there. Yeah, it sure does. It does sound like the band is playing right there, if right there is theyve been buried under a mile of rubble. Yes, it does sound just like theyre right there. But we were the cheapest game in town, so we could underbid everybody. So we got all the shittiest gigs. All of our gigs were shotgun weddings and forced retirements. We were the ambient music… for rage and despair. That is what… we really were. Hey, did your daughters boss at Sam Goody knock her up, and now you want her first dance at your wedding to be ‘Almost Paradise sounding like… ? Almost paradise ? Thats right. Our songsll match the sound of the scream trapped in your throat, Dad! So, every weekend was just this parade of horrors. And the other DJs I worked with, these guys in their 30s and 40s who were trying to justify the cul-de-sac that their live was… would lay their bullshit justifications on me, the dipshit teenager in the Chess King suit. They would dump it all on me. And they would say shit like, You know, Patton, a little bit of, uh, DJ wisdom. A little bit of DJ lore. You might not know this… but, uh… if something goes wrong with the wedding, that means that marriage is solid. A little bit of DJ lore. You might not know that, so… When you think about it, were kind of doing a beautiful thing here. Were building the foundations for lifelong romances. Thats what we… Thats what we do here. You could almost say were love wizards. Were love wizards. And I bought that hook, line, and sinker! So, now Im at my wedding and nothings going wrong. Its beautiful, and Im the one guy going, Should I punch somebody or… I wanna be with her. Should I take my dick out? Or… I dont know what to do. Like… something should go wrong. It took me till the reception to go, What the fuck were they telling me? That was bullshit! Theres no DJ lore! They were just trying to justify the fucking horrible shit that we had to witness every weekend. All those marriages were… Those marriages didnt last a month after we did those gigs. We were not love wizards. We were divorce necromancers. Thats what we were. Yeah. We brought fucking acrimony and separation everywhere we went. Oh, the shit I saw at those gigs. Ive seen… I saw two separate weddings where a groom punched out a best man. Two different ones. I saw a mom projectile vomit during a spotlight dance with her son, at the reception. Projectile vomit! It ruined Cyndi Laupers All Through the Night for me. I cant listen to that song. I love that song. She ruined it! And… our caterer was amazing. At our wedding, our caterer was incredible. This little company, Heirloom LA, and he was such an amazing chef. And we were trying all of his food and talking with him about his life story, and then he was like, I really like you guys, youre great. You know what Im gonna do? I wanna talk to you guys and get your story, and then, at the reception, Im gonna have two specialty cocktails that I will name for each of you, after I hear your life story. So we talked for a bit, and, sure enough, at the reception, two handcrafted specialty cocktails named for each of us. One of them… was called the Malibu. Because my wife was born and raised in Malibu, California. And the other one was called the Sterling. ‘Cause I grew up in Sterling, Virginia. Now… the Malibu… was a complex flavor palate of light and dark… salty and sweet… bitter and tangy… as mysterious and unknowable… as the sea itself. And the Sterling… was lemonade with vodka in it. I dont know if youve been to Sterling. He nailed it. Oh, my God. Absolutely nailed my hometown. Hey, how can we get drunk quickly in this Roy Rogers parking lot before school starts? I stole some vodka from my dads garage. Is that Country Time Lemonade? Thatll kill the taste. Lets do this. Lets do it! Mwah! And now Im just… Being married is the best! I love it. Although, anyone here, no matter how good of a marriage is that youre in… You know this. …you will have fucking fights. You will have huge, knock-down, drag-out fights. And a couple of months ago, we had one of those blowouts. And I mean a blowout where the fight ended with both of us… I dont wanna listen to your shit anymore! Oh, my God, youre such a fucking idiot! And me going, I dont wanna listen to your shit! Im going on a hike. That was my… That was my mic drop. Im going on a hike. And shes like, Yeah, go on your stupid hike, I dont care. Off I went on my hike. Fucking goddammit, shes such a fucking idiot. And then halfway to my hike, it hits me. Oh, my God. What the fuck are we doing? We blew this up over nothing. This is over nothing. Oh, my God, I gotta go back and apologize. Jesus Christ. And little did I know that she was home going, Oh, we blew this up. Oh, my God, I gotta apologize to that dude. What are we doing? Now… before I tell you the rest of the story, please keep in mind… that the thing she did next was done with love… and was meant as a romantic gesture. Please, keep those in mind. Im begging you. She went to where I hike, cause she knows where I go hiking, parked her car where I couldnt see it, wrote a note, left it on my windshield… for me to find when the hike was over. Finished my hike, went, Oh, theres a note on my windshield. I open it up. Heres the note. Verbatim. First line: Stop. Space. Second line: Get out of your car. Space. Third line: Walk to the park bench in front of you. Space. Last line: I love you. Now, okay, yes, yes, it ended with I love you. Thats very nice. But that was a long, terrifying walk… to I love you. Holy shit! That is what a demented hit man leaves on a windshield. Im reading this thing like, Oh, God, who did I fight with on Twitter today? Goddammnit! One of these fucking alt-right MAGA assholes found me! Like looking down at my shirt, with that little red dotthat, like, started creeping up, and… Then I look up and shes sitting on a park bench 20 yards away from me. Im like, Okay, you wrote this. Ahh! Fucking terrified. And you know what? Just the pacing, forget the words. The pacing is terrifying! Thats the same pacing like when a loved one gets kidnapped. And you get that call, and theyre using the voice changer. Thats the same pacing and syntax they use. Which, in that case… The I love you is the scariest part. With the voice changer? Youre like, Hello? Stop. Get out of your car. Walk to the park bench in front of you. I love you. Like, Oh, what the fuck? So… I got invited… to the pre… Hang on, let me do that again. Oh, youll get to see the behind the scenes making of this. Watch this. Go right back to my starting thing. You ready? Watch this? Okay. I got invited… Holy shit! No, I did get invited to the premiere… of the Han Solo Star Wars movie. I got invited. And not only did I get invited, at the premiere, on Hollywood Boulevard, they built a full-scale Millennium Falcon. Yeah. You could go inside, walk around, get your picture taken sitting in the cockpit. Holy shit. And I got invited. Me! And I couldnt go. Because it was the same night as my daughters second grade art show. And, as if to add insult to injury, her art project… was the shittiest robot Ive ever seen. It looked like a silver scrotum with a box on top. And it, like… And the expression on the face, I swear to God, was like, Yeah, it sucks, I know. Thats… Yeah. Dunno what to tell… Youre 2 miles away from the Millennium Falcon, you gotta look at me. Yeah. Yeah, life blows. What are you gonna do? You know what I did? I did Academy Award-level acting that night. I was like, Sweetie, this is… this is amazing. You made this? Oh, my God! Is he gonna get up and walk? This is a real robot. Did you make a real robot? Sweetie, wow! This is… Ah! Youre a genius. You really are. Youre blowing me away, sweetie. You really do. You blow me away. Yeah. I know. I know. If you went back to the summer of 1977, walked up to eight-year-old me, just came out of Star Wars, mind blown, and you were like, Patton, someday, theyre going to make a movie just about Han Solo, and youre gonna be invited to the premiere. And, at the premiere, theres gonna be a full-size Millennium Falcon. Youll be able to walk around inside of it, sit in the cockpit, get your picture taken. But youre not gonna be able to go. ‘Cause youll have to go to your daughters second grade art show. I know for a fact that I would have said, I get to fuck a lady someday? Like, I would have been… so cool with it. Yeah, great! Ill see you later. I dont give a shit. Look, Im just… I dont really have any current event stuff or… I dont have any Trump material is what Im saying. I dont… Theres no… What is the… What is the point at this point? What is the point? The people… The people that hate Trump, hate him. The people that still like him, theyre lost. So, what is… What happens… if I do a bit that no ones gonna… Oh, okay. Doing a bit about Trump thinking youre gonna effect change is like doing a bit, like, to the Manson followers, basically. Like, just… And hoping that theyll go, Oh, that was a clever joke. Yeah, he is kinda crazy, huh? All my friends who told me, Oh, man, you comedians… If Trump gets elected, its going to be Christmas everyday for you guys. Let me tell you what its like… being a comedian… while Trump is the president. The Trump presidency… is an 18-wheeler… full of monkeys and PCP. And… it has crashed… into a train full of diarrhea. And now… theres diarrhea-covered monkeys on PCP running around. And everyones watching it like, Holy shit, look at this. And then you, as a comedian, walk up and go, Hey, wanna hear a joke I wrote about this? Youre like, No, were good, dude. Im fine. I mean, Jesus, look at all this. You can take a break. Oh, my God. Wow. I mean, I wanna be socially conscious, but… Right now, being a comedian is like being the MC in Cabaret, if you know what I mean. Not a lot of bright spots. Although I will say, for me, one of the bright spots for me is the whole #MeToo movement. That is a big bright spot, and the reason is, um… Actually, this shouldnt be the reason, but it is. Its cause Im the father of a daughter. Although it should be cause Im a fucking human being, but Im still happy that its happening. The one… The one thing thats kinda shitty about Me, Too, for me, is its really put into perspective what an amateur perv I am. Like, I… always thought that I was on the bleeding edge of depravity and… And then Im reading all these Me, Too reports, and Im just like, Im just a fucking bowl of vanilla ice cream. Like, this is… No toppings! And apparently… A lot of these reports… Its not just one or two guys. Theres a lot of guys whose very specific kink is jerking off to women that openly dont want them jerking off to them. Which… That level of self-esteem and confidence I can only dream of, because you know, like… You know how shitty youre going to look doing it. Like, even if you… And Ive had… Ive literally had friends of mine that are not my friends anymore that have said, These guys all got consent, man. Okay, maybe they did get consent. First off, I guarantee you the consent didnt look like, Yeah! It… If they got consent, it looked like, Just… Make it quick, right? Itll be quick? Youll be done quick, right? But then, even if you get consent, you know… Theres no cool way to jerk off in front of… Theres no Fonzie way to, like, jerk… Like, Are you… Is that consent? Are you okay? Great. Let me just lean in this doorway, with the city skyline behind me at sunset, cigarette in my mouth. Im just going to put Roxy Musics Avalon on, and then… just Jimi Hendrix my way to climax. Like, no, you… Youre not gonna look like that. Youre going to look like an orangutan hunched over in a blizzard. Just, Ahh! Like, theres no, like… You will look terrible. Like, shes not… Theres not gonna be an Anaïs Nin diary entry about you afterward. And then when I saw his come dribble across his sad knuckles, I knew I had met my matador. Like, no, its just… Its gonna be… But they fucking… They go ahead and do it. What the fuck? Ive been jerking off, and Ive caught myself in the mirror and gone, Oh, fuck! Im sorry! Oh! Ahh! Ahh! Write an email to myself later. I want to apologize for that. That is not who I am. I need to… Thats their thing! And the other thing that confuses me is… theres porn for everything. So was there porn for this… and I just missed it? Like, was there porn for jerking off to the unwilling all these years… and it just was off my radar? Like, were there 900 numbers where its like, Our hottest operators… are just trying to get to the copier machine. Ooh, but youre blocking the hallway, arent you, stud? Call 1-900-Just-Finish-Already. Or videotape series in the 80s… Faces of disapproval, one through nine. Asian faces of disapproval. Barely legal faces of disapproval. There are hipsters who are like, Im old school, man. I like the print magazine. Thats my thing. Did you see the latest issue of Nope? Ahh. Mwah. The centerfold, shes checking her e-mail and rolling her eyes. I came twice before I got my pants off, man. I subscribe to Nope, Fine, Whatever, and I used to subscribe to… but… They went a little neocon in the 80s. I had to cancel my subscription. I have a theory about Jesus. I… Ive tried so hard to think of a segue for that. Theres just nothing. Theres no… Trust me, I tried. Yeah, can you… You know who didnt jerk off in front of people? No, theres no… It does not work. Im still an atheist, but… I think that Jesus existed. And I have a theory about him, which I absolutely cannot support. My theory is… Jesus existed, but he was also about 15 or 20 different people. Then, over the centuries, it got boiled down to one person when people told stories about it: Jesus. And one of the things I have to back this theory up is… Im 30 years outside of high school at this point. And the five or six cool guys I knew in high school, I had boiled down into one guy… named Craig because… when Im telling a story about high school, no one gives a shit about… Im just making a point about something. So I boil it all down to Craig. Craig had great weed, Craig played me Pink Floyds The Wall for the first time. It doesnt… No one gives a shit. Just… Fine, Craig, got it. The person is not important, its the story. Now, Jesus… This is thousands of years. And people also forget biblical times were horrible. Way worse than medieval times, way worse than the Dark Ages. Biblical times were a frigging nightmare. It was the… Might makes right, no rule of law. People just… You fell down the street, people hit you with a rock and took your stuff. Other people watched it and went, Yeah, you shouldnt have fallen down, I guess. Yeah. Lifes horrible. There you go. And then… just as an evolutionary leap, which, to me, is just as amazing as miracles and magic, random people… more enlightened, advanced people, just started going, Hey, what if I wasnt a raging douchebag all the time? Like, what would happen? And the first time they did that to people, it melted their minds! They had no frame of reference for it, they had no way to describe it, and that turned into stories of superpowers and miracles. They had no other way to describe it. Somebodys starving to death… Back then, someone would starve to death, youd stand in front of him, with food. Wow, I have food, and youre starving. What are you gonna do, you know? And then feed the rest to an animal and watch the guy die, and then… But some random person went, I cant finish this. How about you have it so you dont die? And the person you gave it to… Like… no way to describe. Hed never seen anything like that before, and that turned into… You… Youre not… There was, like, 5,000 people, and one piece of bread and fish. And everyone had food. It was crazy! Or, like, Jesus was always driving demons out of people. Well, that was… Somebody was sad or depressed, and, back then, if someone was sad or depressed, you threw rocks at em until they jumped off a cliff and died. And you went, He was sad, now hes dead. And then you look at the camera and go, Biblical times. What are you gonna do? And, instead, somebody came up and was like, Hey, whats wrong? Ill listen to you. Talk to me. Maybe we can work this out. I was full of demons, and all these demons… The guy chased all the demons away. A guy made you feel better. Which, better… But, look, theres been… Ive had sessions with my therapist where I have been so fucking depressed and horrible, and hes talked me off the ledge. If he told me afterwards, There were actually 3 demons in you and I scared em away. Im like, Fine, whatever works. Ill take it. Thats great, yeah. Demons, got it. Thanks, doc. And raising people from the dead? That was immediate… I mean, there was… A guy fell down. In the street. Another guy starts walking towards him, the guy on the street was like, Well, here comes my murder. I shouldnt have fallen down. Time for me to get murdered. That happened. Everyone was used to that. I fell. Gonna get hit with a rock. Hes gonna take my stuff. Instead the guy who walked up was like, Give me your arm. Ill help you up. And the guy, as he pulled him up, he was like… That one, he just immediately turned to his friends and was like, I was just dead. I was just dead. Technically, he was. In his mind, he was dead. Thats what happened. You fall down, you die. I was just dead, and Im lying in the street. This guy starts walking up to me. Im like, ‘Im just gonna get murdered near this amaranth, ‘ and, instead, he… grabbed my arm and he pulled me up, and he brought me back from the dead. He already left. I forget his name. Its Jesus, or Kirby, or something. I dont know, but… …it was amazing.' Im going to leave you guys with this. Holy shit. What a fucking great crowd you are. Oh, my God, thank you! Thanks, guys. So… I still travel sometimes, on the weekends, to do stand-up. I love doing this. But Im torn because I also love hanging out with my daughter. Shes ten, shes awesome. I wanna have as many daddy-daughter days as I can before shes a teenager and is like, Your music sucks. So, I want to hang out with her. And I was home a few weekends ago, and I was like, Hey, Im gonna be home. Tomorrow, when you wake up, its daddy-daughter day. You call the day. Anything you want, were gonna do. Daddy-daughter day. So, next morning, she wakes up, wakes me, Daddy, its daddy-daughter day. I go, What do you wanna do? Lets make breakfast. I made her breakfast. What do you wanna do? I wanna go on the trampoline. We went on the trampoline. What do you wanna do now? I wanna do a jigsaw puzzle. We did a jigsaw puzzle. What do you wanna do now? I wanna read Harry Potter. We read a chapter of Harry Potter. Now, its getting to be near noon. And I go, Are you hungry? Do you want some lunch? She goes, Yeah, I want some lunch. I said, How about we go out to lunch? She went, Oh, my God! I said, Where do you wanna go? And she immediately said, Dennys! Because Dennys is a destination restaurant when youre 10 years old. Kids love Dennys. Now, hang on. Stop. I know a lot of you are going, Oh, hes gonna make fun of Dennys now for ten minutes. Dennys is not the problem in this bit, all right? I love Dennys. Dennys knows who they are, they know the space they take up in the universe. They are more self-actualized than any of us will ever be. They know what they are. I am the problem in this bit. ‘Cause Im about to make a huge fuck-up. See if you can catch it. My daughter and I are driving to Dennys. I go, Sweetie, well go to Dennys, well pop in, well grab some lunch, well pop back out, well go play basketball at Beaman Park. Oh, did you catch my fuck-up? You do not… pop into Dennys, grab food, and then pop back out because you have someplace to be. Dennys is where you end up… after a series… of bad decisions… and catastrophic twists of fate. Thats why Dennys is there. And the whole operating procedure of Dennys fits that event. You walk into Dennys. Hostess meets you. No words are exchanged. She takes you to your booth, leaves you a glass of iced water, cause this could be day three. Gotta hydrate. She walks away for 20 minutes, leaves you alone. You appreciate that 20 minutes. Youre sitting there going, Okay, well… not being chased right now, so lets go through this. How many moves do I have left? Oh, my God, how did you fuck this up? Oh, my God. Twenty minutes later, she comes back with a cup of coffee. You didnt order it. She knows you need it. ‘Cause youre hydrated. Now, its time to caffeinate. And plan your revenge. Sitting there and… Tell me Im extraneous. Ill fucking burn that whole goddamn building down, Ill show you whos fucking extraneous. Bunch of assholes. Twenty minutes later, she comes back. So, now, its been 40 minutes. But she comes back now with the menu. And everything on the Dennys menu… Theres a picture of the food next to the description. That way you can order like this: Fucking people are just riding me every goddamn… That. Ill fucking kill… these fucking assholes… Motherfuckers. Meanwhile, over at my table, I came in like an asshole. Hey, shes gonna get mac and cheese, steamed broccoli and some apple slices. Im gonna get the Fit Slam breakfast and a cup of decaf, thanks. And the waitress looked at me, like, I dont know what is going on here, I dont know if you know where you are. Maybe this is, like, a weird custody thing going on and youre… youre trying to get to the state line or something. Maybe you better sit, have your iced water, think it through. Youll appreciate it later. Everyone weve ever served quickly goes down in a hail of bullets. Just take time, think this shit through, all right? Sit, have your water, have your coffee. So, Im sitting there for 20 minutes with my water, my daughters happy as a clam. She has the kids menu. Theres word finds and mazes on it. Shes having a lot of fun. And I had time to look at the kids menu and see that… even the kids menu is all about preparing kids for that desperate 3:00 a.m., no-sleep-for-a-week Nick Cave-murder-song life… that were all heading for. Because they have these four little kiddie characters. Theyre called the Grand Slams. These are real characters that Dennys has on their kids menu. Little anthropomorphic breakfast foods. Theres a fried egg, theres a pancake, theres a strip of bacon, and theres a sausage link. The fried egg, and Im not making any kind of judgment… is a prostitute. Sorry. Shes a prostitute. She has way too much eye makeup on, her mouth is this kind of brave, broken little smile. Like, Im just… Im out here. Im trying, goddamnit. Okay? I didnt ask for this. I was a golden yolk, and they dropped me into the skillet of life. And you know what? Im proud of what I am, and Im doing my best, okay? Dont goddamn judge me. And I, again… I had 40 minutes with these characters. I worked out back stories, and… relationships for all of them. The fried egg is a prostitute. The pancake is her son, and… Im not going to put a name to it. But somethings wrong with the pancake, all right? Im not gonna say what it is, but his eyes are a little close together. Go look at him. His eyes are close together, his smile is way too big, like hes just not aware of a lot of the horror around him. You know what? How do I put this? Um… God gave him a curse and a gift. Does that make sense? All right. So… So, thats her son. Shes doing what she can to raise him. All right? The bacon is the pancakes dad. Hes not married to the fried egg. He doesnt hate her. Theyre just not married. And the economy, its all post-capitalism. Everythings collapsing. He has to go wherever the work is. So, hes like, I got a job on an oil rig for eight months. Its high-risk pay. Ill send back whatever I can. Theyre gonna take a big chunk out of my room and board, You know, but just do what you can while Im gone to raise the kid. Okay? Do what you can. When he says that to her, Do what you can, he knows shes hooking. All right? And hes not judging her, okay? Theyre all struggling. Hes out in the North Atlantic… getting the last of the crude oil out of the earth. Its all… Its all gonna collapse. But, goddamnit, hes gonna try to help that pancake. And the sausage… is the fried eggs regular customer, okay? They… He… He… and the… Look… he and the strip of bacon served together in Desert Storm, and theyre kinda… Its sort of… And hes in the… Look… Hes in a shitty marriage, okay? Hes not… He married some hash browns. Theyre not part of the Grand Slams. She didnt wanna be a part of it. Shes got a lot of problems. And you look at him, like… Hes very sweaty and, like, Hey. You know what I mean? He always looks like hes kinda going, Come on. My wife is at her Zumba class for the next hour. We have an hour. Can I come by for, like, an hour and… And then shes gotta tell the pancake, like, Hey, Mommys friends gonna come over, and, uh… why dont you go… go play with your PAW Patrol toys for a while. Can you do that? Can you play with your PAW… Oh, go work on your spelling. Go do a couple of your spelling sheets, okay? Mommys gonna be with her friend and then, afterward, how about well go get some ice cream? Okay? Ill have money to get some ice cream. You wanna go do that? But you gotta go… You gotta play with your PAW Patrol toys, do your spelling. Go work on your spelling, and dont bother Mommy for the next hour, okay? Okay? Go work on your spelling. Go do your spelling. Okay. The pancake is 32 years old, by the way. I dont know if I mentioned that. Its… Look, theres a lot… Theyre… Shes doing her best, god damn it! Dennys has to put the calorie amounts on all their food. And God bless Dennys. Theyre like, I dont think you wanna hear this, but well tell you. Im not gonna… I got nothing to hide, but do you wanna hear… You gonna… Youre not gonna leave this alone, huh? Okay. Ready? Healthy grain pancakes, 1,200 calories. Thats right. Day and a half worth of calories on one plate. I dunno what to tell you. Yes, thats before syrup and butter. The Dennys menu is the caloric equivalent of going, Fine, I fucked your brother, okay? Is that what you want to hear? I fucked your brother. There. Did everyone hear that? I fucked his brother. All right? Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. And, on the kids menu, the mac and cheese… You know what the picture for the mac and cheese is? A box of Kraft macaroni and cheese! Theyre not even hiding it. Yeah, well go make… Well open a box of Kraft mac and cheese for you and make it. Yeah, its 89 cents if you made it at home, four bucks here. There you go. And well charge you four dollars. Eighty-nine cents if you had it at home. But you probably cant go home, can you? Mmm, no. Probably cant. Theres people there waiting to talk to you, right? A lot of shit missing around the office? Okay. How about you have some carbs and get your story straight? Youll… Youll thank us later. They brought my cup of decaf out. On the cup, Dennys logo… and the Dennys slogan. And the slogan was… Its always sunny at Dennys. Period. Not exclamation point. Not Its always sunny at Dennys! Nope, thats the wrong read. Youre not going to get the part. Look at the script again. This is the right read. Its always sunny at Dennys. I wanna do a commercial for Dennys… so badly. I wanna… I wanna direct it, I wanna star in it. I have the perfect commercial. It will land with their demographic so hard. Thirty-second commercial, all right? Im sitting in a booth, got my coffee cup, staring out the window. Right? Its raining. And from the light coming in, its either dawn… or dusk. Ive either been up all night, or Im about to be up all night. Thirty-second commercial. First 28 seconds, I dont say anything. I just stare out the window. Then, in the last two seconds, I bring my cup up, and you can barely hear me say, Its always sunny at Dennys. Thank you, Charlotte! Thank you so much! Oh, my God! Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you so much, all of you. Good night! Thank you so much for watching. And, as a little bonus, my friend, Bob Rubin, huge influence on me, huge influence on a lot of comedians you love, has shot a special, and Ive added it to mine. So, if you just stay where you are, his special is about to start. He is a genius. Hes crazy. Watch the first five minutes of his special. I guarantee, you are going to be hooked. Bob Rubin. Its starting in a second. Thank you, guys, so much. And thank you, Charlotte!

RUSSELL PETERS@DEPORTED@2020@NARRATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, its start time at the Dome NSCI SVP Stadium. And right about now, were going to bring you the brother that gave you, somebody going to get a hurt real bad, be a man, take it and go. One of Rolling Stones 50 greatest stand up comics of all time. Lets bring him on right now, the brownest working man in show business, Russell Peters. [CHEERING] [MUSIC PLAYING] Hey! Hello Bombay buggers. Whats happening? I know its going to sound strange, but its good to be home. I mean, although I was never born and raised here, but I still feel at home. I feel like I dont have to do things that I have to do back home to keep up with white people. I can just be a comfortable brown man here. Fuck it, I dont even have to put on deodorant over here if I dont want to, because its not stopping you, you know what I mean? [LAUGHTER] Give it up for Starting From Scratch, ladies and gentlemen. [APPLAUSE] So were back in the motherland. How you doing, buddy? You OK? He must be good. He give me, like, the sharp one. Thats how you know youre really fucking good. It wasnt even multiple, just one. Whats your name? Preag. RUSSELL PETERS: What? Preag. That sounds like before ugly. I am pre-ug right now, 10 more years, full-ug. [LAUGHTER] How you doing, buddy? Good? You chose to look like a sperm tonight. I see that was your– that was a choice you made. [LAUGHTER] How did you get here? [LAUGHTER] Thats why traffic doesnt bother him. I was around a million others. Thats an awful outfit. Pre-ug, actually ug. [LAUGHTER] OK, let me tell you whats been happening with me since the last time I saw you guys. I dont know if you know this, its been a few years since Ive been here. But since the last time I was here, I got fat. And– fuck you. I– heres what happened, I was like my regular kind of fat. You know what I mean? Like, that kind of fat when you look at me and you go, you know, Russell, if you would just run, like, once. Thats the problem with being Indian, we get fat. Were born skinny, thats the real problem. Were born skinny. Were naturally a skinny race of people. And were born skinny and we stay skinny. We dont have to work hard to be skinny. We could be skinny and eat whatever we want and stay skinny. And then we never go to the gym because were skinny, we dont need to. And our parents dont encourage you to go to the gym. Youre like, dad, Im going to go to the gym. Whats in the gym? Do they have studies in the gym? No, youre not going to the gym. You stay home and do your studies. And because you never tone up, you stay this, like, really smushy kind of skinny, you know. And you eat whatever you want your entire life. And then at 30, youre Indian genes kick in and go, OK, partys over. And then you just get fat, and its, like, a fucking awful fat that we get. And thats what happened to me. I mean, Im much older than that now. But I got like a weird kind of fat. I was like my normal fat and then I woke up one morning, I was like, [POOF]. I was like, Im bloated. I figured I would pee it out, I would sweat it out, Id be fine the next day. Anyway, cut to a year and a half later and Im still [POOF].. And I go, somethings wrong. So I go to the doctor. I go, doc, I got fat. He goes, yes. I said, thanks, asshole. I didnt come here for confirmation. I came here to find out why I got fat. He goes, well, why do you think youre fat? I said, because I have a mirror. And I walked past it naked the other day and I thought somebody else was in my room. I was like, on my God, who fat, hairy ass is that? Turns out it was my stomach. It was– And people on the internet were calling me fat. You guys are dicks, by the way. You say whatever you want to us on the internet. And if we respond, were assholes. So we just have to take the abuse. But sometimes I get mad when people say things to me on the internet. Not because of what they said, more so because its probably something I would have said. And then Im mad that my own words are getting used against me. Like, I posted something for this TV show I was on. And somebody goes, holy shit, did you eat your whole cast? And I was like, damn it, I would have said that to. I probably would have said that too. And then somebody posted a picture with me, and somebody commented and went, Russell Peters, looking thicker than a snicker. I got mad at that because I love a good rhyme. Thicker than a snicker, thats a good one too. Its not a fair way to describe a human. I think thicker than a snicker is a great way for me to describe my penis. I think its a wonderful way to describe it. So Russell, tell me about your penis. Well, its thicker than a snicker, equally dark and vain texture, packed with nuts, and it satisfies. [LAUGHTER] So I said to my doc, I said, doc, it doesnt make sense that I should be getting as fat as Im getting. He said, why not? I said, because I dont eat crazy, and I train jujitsu every other day. Hes like, huh, how old are you now? I said, 48. He goes, and youre Indian? I go, yeah, but– He goes, and you havent had a heart attack yet? He goes– I said, no, I havent had a heart attack yet. He goes, all right. So he takes blood and I leave. Calls me back in three days later. I go back in, hes like, hey, I got your blood back. I know whats wrong. I go, whats wrong? He goes, its your thyroid. I go, what about it? He goes, you have an underactive thyroid. I go, so what does that mean? It means its not doing enough. I said, I understand what the fuck underactive means. He goes, then why did you ask? I said, how is it affecting me? He goes, the thyroid is making you fat. I go, the thyroid is making me fat. He goes, no, youre doing things too, but the thyroid is really helping. I go, so what do we got to do? He said, weve got to speed your thyroid up. I said, lets get that bitch moving, right. So its been a year and a half now and I lost 24 pounds from it. But it wasnt me, it was the medication. Its not me. And Ive lost– like my bodys in much better shape than its ever been, but my fucking head is fat as shit. And I dont know– I dont know how to– I look like a fucking thumb. [LAUGHTER] Do you know how hard it is to lose a fat head? Its almost impossible. I used to box. Theres tricks when you want to lose weight from your body in boxing, you could put on a garbage bag and you go sit in the sauna and you sweat it off. Let me give you some friendly advice, you cant do that with your head. I know, I found out the hard way. I was like, you know what, I got this. I grabbed a plastic bag, I threw it over my big stupid head. Im not an idiot, I cut a hole from my nose. It was a substantial hole. And I went sat in the sauna. But I forgot when you have a larger nose and you inhale, you tend to suck up more than the average human. And I took a deep breath in the sauna and sucked up the plastic bag. And my friends thought I was trying to commit suicide in the dumbest way possible. But when I got fat, I got like a weird kind. Indian people, we get the worst kind of fat. Like, it just goes everywhere. Like, white people, do you ever see white Americans when they get fat, its just bam, a belly. And you cant tell from behind. Hey, look at the white guy. He turns around and, like, hello. But Indians, it just shows up in the weirdest places. Like, I started to grow tits, but not in front, on the side. I dont know what the fuck they were going, but– [LAUGHTER] I was growing side tits and they were like arm rests. I was walking around after a while, I was– It was like I was going to go into a pool with some floaties on the whole time. And then I was getting a fat back. That was a weird thing to get. It was like fat on my back. I would sit down and my fat back would hang over the chair and. Im like, what the fu– I would grab it and go, this feels nice. But not on me, I dont like this. And then I had a chunk of fat, like a big– like, right here– a big, huge clump of fat. Like, when a woman gets fat here, its called a gunt. Because its a gut right above her– you know I mean. So its a gunt. And I guess when I had it, its a gock. I guess it would be a gock, I guess. I dont know. Literally for a year and a half, I didnt see my penis. I would have to lift it up to visit. You still there, buddy? OK, good. And Id rest it. Dont worry, the sun will shine one day. So my doctor says, hey, what else is wrong with you? I go, what do you mean what else is wrong with me? He goes, look, youre a 48-year-old Indian man. Im like, thats really fucking racist, but since you asked, I have acid reflux. I dont know. Does anybody else– who else has acid reflux in here? First of all, youre lying to me right now. Because there is no way you can be Indian and not have fucking acid reflux. Its inevitable. Theres no way you can consume the food that we eat with that much spice, and that much oil, and that much butter, and not just have it burn a hole in your– as my dad would say– your esophagus. What? Son, its burning your esophagus. Dad, I want to assure you I have no phagus in me. No, no, son, esophagus. I dont care whose phagus you think this is. Theres no way you dont have acid reflux. Im looking at all of you, especially all the pudgy guys. You know exactly who has it. You got it, dont you, yellow guy? You do, do you. Hes like, I know, I have it, but I dont want to say because my shirt looks like turmeric, so– Ive had acid reflux my entire life– my entire life. And I remember being six years old– and heres the worst thing about having acid reflux, its triggered by food. And when you grow up in an Indian house and your food is Indian food, and this food triggers your fucking acid reflux, and you cant eat Indian food anymore, youre a piece of shit. Like, I remember going to my mom, mom, I cant eat Indian food anymore. Mom goes, what? Do you realize people in India are dying to eat this food, literally dying. I said, mom, do you understand that Im dying if I eat this food? Literally dying. I was six years old, I remember this clearly, I was six years old and I remember burping and fire shot up my chest and flames came out my nose. And I remember clearly because there was tears coming down my eyes. And I remember going, Im crying and Im not crying, Im very confused. And I go to my mom, I go, mom, mom, its burns when I burp. My mom goes, what? I said, it burns when I burp. Oh my God, it burns when he burps. Oh my God, son, OK, do this, dont burp. [LAUGHTER] That was your big piece of advice, mom? Im like, Im serious, mom, its burning. She goes, OK, OK, yeah, yeah, here, drink some milk, drink some milk. I drank the milk, nothing. Mom, its still burning, never mind. Dad, dad, its still burning. My dad goes, OK, OK, see the yogurt on the table? Eat the yogurt. What? Eat the yogurt. What do you mean eat the yogurt? Son, its a fact. Whats a fact? If you eat the yogurt, it will cool you down. Youll feel better. How is that– Its a fact, son. How is that a fact? Son, do you even know what yogurt is? Yogurt is a probiotic. When you get sick, what does the doctor give you? Antibiotic. [LAUGHTER] Dad, Im six years old. I dont know what a fucking biotic is. Son, one is for biotics and one is against biotics. I said, I still dont know what a biotic is. Son, just eat the bastard yogurt. I go, why? Because why do you think Indian people keep yogurt on the table when we eat food? To help your digestion. I said, OK, now that makes sense. So I grabbed a bowl of the yogurt. I start eating it, Well, fuck me in the eye, theres chilies and onions in the yogurt. Why? Why did we spice the yogurt? Thats what triggers the burning. And Indian parents will become racist at the drop of a dime. I go, dad, why did we spice the yogurt? He goes, how else are you going to eat yogurt? Plain? Were not white people. I said, dad, thats really racist. Is it racist or is it a fact? How is that a fact? Son, what color is plain yogurt? [LAUGHTER] What does plain yogurt taste like? Nothing. What is the contribution from white people to the food of the world? Nothing. Its a fact. So my doctor says to me, hey, I just called downstairs to the clinic in the lobby and I got you an endoscopy appointment. I go, what? He goes, when was the last time you had an endoscopy? I said, never. Let me tell you something, doc, Ive never shoved anything in my ass. He said, what the fuck are you talking about? I said, doc, Im not an idiot, all right? I know what an endoscopy is. Its in your end -os. Copy. He said, no, you fucking idiot, its in your mouth. I said, hey, yo. It may be in your mouth, doc, but it aint in my mouth, bro. I mean, what you do outside of here is none of my business, man. Thats why I like my doctor because he swears at me when he talks to me. I trust him for that reason alone. I dont trust people that dont swear. People that dont swear, youre hiding something. Theres something wrong with you. You probably touch kids. Im telling you, theres something wrong with people that dont swear, theres something wrong. Theyre hiding something. And people that dont swear act like theyre better than you. Because they go out of their way to let you know they dont swear. I dont know, I just find better ways of communicating than using foul and obscene language. Its like, [GIBBERISH]. You keep an eye on those people. Theyre hiding some– theres something really dark going on in their head. Theyve got some dark, dark secrets and they dont want you to know about it. You see them, the people that are too nice, theyll be too friendly, too polite, you know. They got dark stuff going on in their head. Theyll be like, well, the wife and I had a lovely dinner with you all tonight. We hope you all have a wonderful night of digestion. Were going to reconvene to the bedroom and at which point in the morning, well collect again and enjoy a delicious breakfast together. And at which point we shall discuss the nights events. With that, I wish you all good night and pleasant dreams. And they go to the bedroom and he closes the door. And hes like, all right, honey, shit on my chest. Because they got dark, dark things going on in there. Heres the good news, I swear Ill never shit on your chest. I like how uncomfortable that made all of you. Im just trying to do the math on the shitting on the chest, its– what is the purpose of this? My doctor says, listen, I called downstairs to the clinic in the lobby and I got you an endoscopy appointment. I go, when? He goes, right now. I go, so what do I gotta do? He said, you got to go downstairs to the lobby and go to the clinic. And I go, and when is this going to happen? He said, right now. I said, OK, so where is this going to happen? He says, at the clinic in the lobby. I go, no, no, on me. He goes, oh, in your mouth. I go, so whats going to happen in my mouth? He says, theyre going to give you an endoscopy. I go, and it just takes place in my mouth? He goes, yeah. I go, theyre not going to touch my asshole, are they? He said, do you want them to touch your asshole? No, theyre not going to touch your asshole. I said, OK, doc, I just want to confirm that this procedure is strictly in my mouth. He goes, that is correct. I said, OK, Im going to go. But I swear to God, doc, if they try and touch my asshole, Im coming back up here and Im fucking you up. He goes, go, you idiot. So I go. Now heres the problem, my doctor knows me. He knows what kind of person I am. He knows Ive been a comedian for 30 years. He knows how my brain works. He knows how I have no filter. See, comedians look at the audience, we look at you guys and go, those are civilians. You guys are civilians. You know how to do this, sit around each other and be normal. Just sit around and go– I dont– I dont have that fucking filter. I have to– as soon you see– as soon as I walk out– [GIBBERISH] But these people in the clinic dont know me like that, so I cant go in and be me. So I have to do my impression of how I think you would handle this situation. So I walk up to the clinic and Im like, hi. Im here for my endoscopy appointment. Its in the mouth. She goes, yes, sir. We know where it is. Please come around. OK. So I walk around and she hands me a hospital gown. And says, OK, sir, just go down the hall, take off your clothes, put this on, and well get started. I said, uh– um, I think theres a misunderstanding here. My doctor upstairs, he told me that this procedure just takes place in my mouth. She goes, thats correct. I go, oh, well, then hang on to the gown. Lets just go get started. She goes, no, no, sir. You have to– you cant have your clothes on when we do this procedure. I said, that doesnt make any sense. Because if its just my mouth you need access to– [AH] Im not fighting you on this. Im not even blocking my mouth. Im here to help. Pick a chin, which one do you like? Ill hold it down for you. Shes like, sir, its policy that you cannot have your street clothes on when we do this procedure. I said, you know, its funny you should say that, because I, too, have a policy. And my policy is that I like as many layers as possible protecting my asshole at all times. She said, sir, would you just go put the fucking gown on. I said, whoa, you swore. All right. So I go down to the change room. And Im standing there and Im buck ass naked, right? And I start getting really paranoid about my ass. And then I get a brilliant idea. I take the hospital gown and I put it on backwards. Smart, right? Right? To protect it. But then I look down, my dick is just swinging, just like– [LAUGHTER] Look, its my story, Ill make my penis as big as I want it to be, all right? Its India. Youre all, like, come on, bro. Thats not even believable, OK? Not even on a humid day. Its true, it was cold in there too, you know, I just– You know what I mean? It was embarrassingly small. It just looked like three coins and a mushroom cap. It was just terrible. It was the worst. Oh man. You know what I mean, you know what I mean, right? You know what I mean? Have you ever had it shrivel up so much that you bend forward and it inverts. Youre like, hey, where did my dick go? Youre like dick, no dick, dick, no dick. My black security guys never get that joke. I dont get it. If I bend forward, the motherfucker hits the floor. [LAUGHTER] So Im like, well, this is embarrassing, so I put the gown on the right way. And I walk back in the room. And she goes, all right, Mr. Peters, just hop up here and well get started. So I hop up on the table, but I put my ass right against the wall. Because like I said, I train jujitsu. If you want to come at me when Im on my back, its your funeral, not mine. And she goes, all right, sir, just so you know, during this procedure were going to be putting you under using propofol. I said, wait, wait a minute, propofol? Isnt that the shit that killed Michael Jackson? She goes, yes, yes it is. I go, what do you mean, yes, yes it is? Why are you so happy about this? It killed the biggest pop star of my lifetime and you think its just OK for me to take? She said, sir, Michael Jackson was having an improperly administered. I said, Michael Jackson was having many things improperly administered. But wasnt his doctors name Dr. Conrad Murray? Yes. Wasnt he a doctor? Yes. Well, whats your title? Im an anesthesiologist. I said, look, I dont care what your zodiac sign is, all right? I dont even know what month that is. She said, sir, my job is to make sure you go to sleep and wake up. I say, [MOCKING GIBBERISH]. I said that is a fine answer and I will accept that. She goes, great. Please lay on your side. I said no, no, no. Why? Why do I got to lay on my side? I lay on my side, you knock me out, you lift up the dress, you flip up a butt cheek, you start stuffing me like a turkey. Im not falling for this trick, lady. She said, sir, you need to lay on your side because when we give you the propofol youre going to pass out and youre going to fall over. And when you fall over, you could hurt yourself. So to avoid any injury, you need to already start on your side. I said, that is a fair answer. She goes, great. So I lay on my side, but I tuck my ass in real tight on the wall. And she goes, why dont you count down from five with us? And I go, all right. Five, four, thwump. Out cold. I dont know if any of youve been put under at the doctor, but– Sir, have you been put under at the doctor? Youre an older gentleman. I mean, not older, but you know, youre not these fucking kids, you know what I mean? Whats your name? Sandeep. And how old are you Sandeep? 48. 48, were the same age. Same shit. And have you been put under at the doctor? I got an endoscopy. RUSSELL PETERS: You had an endoscopy? Endo-scope-y. He had the endo-scope-y. And I had the endoscopy, so I think– [LAUGHTER] Do you know if they gave you propofol when they put you out? No. RUSSELL PETERS: No, they gave you the cheap shit? Did they knock you out when they did it? AUDIENCE: No. No? All right, Sandeep, open wide. [YELLING] Really? You were awake? Yeah. Why didnt you spend the extra $10 and get the fucking med? [LAUGHTER] Is it even possible to do it when somebody is awake? Oh my God. Its ironic because all the doctors in America are Indian. [LAUGHTER] And then in India, theyre like, fuck it, we dont need all these fancy tricks. Open wind, Sandeep. Were you 1970 or 71? 71. RUSSELL PETERS: 71. So youre a year younger than me. But you know whats– you know what Im not looking forward to, next year Ill be 50. And uh-uh, because you know what happens at 50. Theyve got to go with the old– [WHISTLING] You know? [SQUEAKING] You know what Im talking about? [BAA-ING] [MOO-ING] Im running out of noises, Sandeep, all right? Sir, how old are you? Huh? AUDIENCE: 60. RUSSELL PETERS: 60. Did you have the old [WHISTLING]?? Not yet. You havent done it yet? What the fuck are you waiting for? Youre 60. You gotta get your shit checked. Heres the thing, when I turned 40, its when you were supposed to do it back then. And then for some reason as I turned 40, there were like, no, no, its 50 now. And I go, yes. And I was like, I got 10 years before theyre going to shove a hand up my ass. And I figured in that 10 years, they would come up with some sort of technology. Because in those 10 years they got a fucking Rover to Mars. Indias got one circling Mars. The Chinese have got shit on the moon. And no, 10 years later, still [AH].. Im still puzzled that you were awake when this shit happened. I cant imagine how uncomfortable that would have been. Yeah, they knock you out and they give you propofol. Let me just too you something about this propofol shit. Its incredible. I get it, Michael, I get it. Its an amazing drug, and Im not a drug guy by any means. Its not even my thing at all. I drink a little, but thats about it. You know, but people come up to after the shows all the time and say, hey, Russell, you– [SNIFFING] What? You do blow? What? Coke? You do cocaine? Do I fucking look like I do cocaine? If Im doing cocaine and my face is still this fat, Im doing cocaine wrong. [LAUGHTER] Hey, give me another line, yeah. Aw, oh! No, I dont do cocaine. Have you seen the size of my nose? You cant afford to do cocaine with a nose this big. You go broke after one try. Wouldnt be able to do lines, Id have to do lanes. Its not a reasonable drug of choice. [LAUGHTER] Then why are you always sniffing? Ill tell you exactly. Im aware that I sniff a lot. And Ill tell you exactly why I sniff. I used to box. And when I was boxing, I broke my nose. But I didnt know I broke my nose, so it never got fixed. And of course I wouldve broken my nose. Its been literally 30 years since Ive broken my nose, but I didnt know. Because I thought a broken nose looked like a broken nose. I thought it was like the guys in my gym where there was nothing then a nub. And theyre like, whats up, champ? I didnt know. I just thought I was a bleeder when I would get punched in the face. Last year is when I found out. I went to the doctor last year, because I was having trouble breathing. I go, hey, doc, Im having trouble breathing. He goes, whats the problem? I go, like, one nostril works and then the other one doesnt. And then when the other one stops working, the other one starts working. Its like theres a flap in there. Like a train, you know, local, express, local, express. He goes, have you ever broke your nose? I said, no. He said, you sure? I said, doc, Im not an idiot. Pretty sure Id know if I broke my nose. He said, didnt you tell me you used to box? I said, yeah. He goes, so wait, you used to box and you never broke that? I said, doc, I never broke my nose. He goes, wait, hold on a second, youre trying to tell me you were so good at boxing that you managed to avoid breaking the biggest fucking thing on your body? I say, Im telling you, I never broke my nose. He goes, if you never broke that fucking nose in boxing, you should have a 10 world titles by now. I said, I never broke it. He goes, lean forward, you fucking idiot. So I lean forward. He goes like this, yeah, your nose is broken. I go, how do you know that? He goes, because Im a doctor. Yeah, but how can you tell? He goes, because its not connected. I go, if its not connected, why didnt it fall off? He goes, youre a fucking idiot. He goes, look, nobodys nose should move around like this. I shouldnt be able to move it around, and double click, and order shit off Amazon from your face. This is not a normal nose. I go, thats a broken nose? He goes, yeah, what did you think it was? OK, dont judge me, all right? This is actually what I thought this was. And understand Ive been a comedian for 30 years and I have a creative mind. Heres really what I thought this was. You know how humans– this is how you know its going to be dumb– you know how humans are an ever evolving species? Like, if you looked at humans from 10,000 years ago, you go, what the fuck were those? Well in 10,000 years, those humans are going to look at us and go, what the fuck were those? Well, so because of evolution and my own ego, I thought that I was evolving at a faster rate than you. [LAUGHTER] And that my body, to accommodate the larger nose, had developed some sort of joint hinge system in here to alleviate the weight. I dont know, Im not a doctor. He goes, youre fucking retarded. I said, doc, you actually cannot say that anymore. What? That youre fucking retarded? Yeah, you cant say retarded anymore, doctor. No, I can say it. No, you cant, because its offensive to people. Im not talking about anybody else, Im talking about you. Youre a fucking retard. And I go, no, doc, you cant say retard or retarded at all anymore. He goes, Im not talking about anybody, Im talking about you. And as a matter of fact, Im putting it in your notes. I said, youre putting in my notes that Im a retard? He goes, no, Im putting that youre a fucking retard. He goes, lean forward. I lean forward. He goes, let me show you something. I lean forward. He goes like this. OK, now breathe. And I go [TAKES BREATH]. Oh, thats amazing. What did you do? He goes, I attached your nose. [LAUGHTER] This is awesome. He goes, I can fix it and you can breathe like that for the rest of your life. I was like, yes, please, lets do that. He goes, youve got to make an appointment and then you need three weeks where you cant fly. Well, I dont have three weeks where I cant fly so I havent had it fixed yet. But now Im scared to get it fixed in case I end up looking like a pig. And then all my Muslim friends dont come and see me anymore, because theyre like, he looks like a pig, we cannot go see him any longer. [LAUGHTER] I do this out of respect for my friends. Lets get back to this propofol. Sandeep, you got to get this propofol. Youve just got to go back and tell them, listen, I think you need to check again and give me some goddamn propofol. Because if they give me the bullshit stuff you wake up feeling kind of groggy. Propofol, not at all. I literally woke up like this, whew, lets do this. She goes, were done, sir. I go, youre done? [LAUGHTER] How long was I out for? Two or three hours? She goes, 15 minutes, sir. I said, in 15 minutes I could have saved a bunch of money by switching to Geico. She said, you can go get dressed. So I go get dressed and I come back in the room. And she goes, all right, Mr. Peters, were all done here. Just so you know, in about an hour, youre probably going to notice you have a bit of a sore throat. I said, what the fuck did you do to me? She said, sir, its the most common side effect. You know, we shoved a tube down your throat which may cause some irritation or some swelling. About 98% of the patients will suffer from that. So if and when that happens, just take an ibuprofen and youll feel better. I said, are you sure thats all you did? She said, Im positive. I said, you didnt touch my asshole, did you? She said, what? I said, what? And I walked out. [LAUGHTER] An hour goes by and then two hours goes by and I go into a panic because I do not have a sore throat. Im like, oh my God, Ive got the throat of a gay man. [LAUGHTER] Somewhere out there is a gay guy going, oh my God, these dicks are killing my throat. And here I am with all those wasted talent. I could have been guzzling dick all day. [GIBBERISH] Im the envy of a community. Is that your wife with you, Sandeep? AUDIENCE: Yes. – Hi, wife. How are you? Do you guys have kids? How many? – Two. RUSSELL PETERS: Two. Boy, girl, boy, boy, girl, girl? – Boy. Boy and girl. One of each. Are you happy with that? Absolutely. [LAUGHTER] Is that the reason you went dry on the endoscopy? Because she was like, if Im going to squeeze children out of here, youre going to take a dry endoscopy. [LAUGHTER] My advice to anybody if youre going to have kids, have a daughter. Daughters are the best. They just– [APPLAUSE] They really are. I have my daughter and I have a son. Hes a month and a half old. Hes brand new, so hes not very smart yet. But I dont think hes going to get much smarter. Hes not– boy, hes dumb. Boy, this kids fucking dumb. Like, you know when theyre that small, like, everything is a tit that comes to his face. You know– I go to kiss him, hes like– Hey, fuck off, thats my nose, get out of here. You ever get a nipple this big, you need to check the check, because thats something weird going on there. [LAUGHTER] My girlfriends Mexican. And I didnt realize how Mexican she was until she went into labor and they broke her water and candy fell out of her. Do you realize my son is Mexican and Indian? Hes going to be able to engineer the wall. [LAUGHTER] And hop it. Hes going to steal your laptop and fix it. Its going to be an amazing thing to see. How old are your kids? 22 and 19. RUSSELL PETERS: 22 and 19. Man, you did all this shit young. Thats crazy. I mean, thats great. I did it way too late. You think about it, Im 49. When my son starts walking, were going to be walking the same way. [LAUGHTER] I waited too long. Do you remember your first pregnancy? You remember it clearly? Do you remember how many months it took you before you started to show? Probably about four to six, maybe? Yeah, its usually about that, right? Four to six months on your first pregnancy, the woman starts to show. My girlfriend, she started the show after one month. It was like, [DOOM]. Im like, what the fuck is going on? How many? How many? How many motherfuckers are in there right now? I took her straight to the doctor. I need to know many heartbeats you hear, doctor. How many heartbeats do you hear? There was just one, but I got so scared. Because twins at this age, fuck that. Anybody here have twins or is a twin? You have them or you are? AUDIENCE: Boys. I have boys. RUSSELL PETERS: You have twin boys? And apparent– – But they are younger. RUSSELL PETERS: Im sorry? And apparently your sunglasses didnt come with instructions. [LAUGHTER] This side of my head is very cool. Thats only because you pulled your pag lower, thats all. You have twin boys? – Yes. RUSSELL PETERS: Identical? – Yes. Oh, see, thats twins. What did you name? Did you give them fun names? Gouldet and Harlet. Gouldet and Harlet? AUDIENCE: Yeah. It sounds like youre stealing something and putting it away. Gouldet and Harlet, please. [LAUGHTER] Identical twins. Thats the only people that I think should be called twins. Can you tell them apart? Yes. RUSSELL PETERS: Do they were pags too? No. One has dimples. One has dimples? And the other one has– Doesnt have. RUSSELL PETERS: Oh. Yeah, I figured. One has dimples, the other one, doesnt have. Identical twins, those are the only– I hate when people tell me, yeah, I got twins. What do you got? I got a boy and a girl. Thats not fucking twins ever. What you got are two kids with the same birthday. Women call their breasts the twins. Have you ever had a woman go, so would you like to see the twins? If she opened her shirt and an elbow on an ankle fell out, youd be like, uh– [LAUGHTER] Theres something wrong with your twins. Identical twins are the only people that should be twins. And I started getting scared when I thought my girlfriend was going to have twins. But I started settling into the idea because I started thinking of names for identical twins. I was like, if I have twin girls– because youve got to have fun with the names. If I have twin girls, these are going to be my daughters, its going to be Kate and Duplicate. These are my boys, its Pete and Repeat. If I had twins with a black girl, this is Tyrone and Tyclone. Identical twins, thats like bragging rights for you, you know I mean. Thats your way of going, look. Look at how good my balls are. Look, look. Or because youre Punjabi, look at how good my junk they are. Looks at this. [LAUGHTER] [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] [LAUGHTER] Look at how good my balls are. My balls are so strong, they made one kid and then it made the exact same kid right away. You lift up your balls, sponsored by Xerox. Sponsored by Xerox. I call the left one copy and the right one paste. For the people that are in relationships and your girl wants kids and you dont want kids, I got some– I got a really great way out of this. Men, you need to learn how to fake orgasms. Trust me. Sperm face, do you have– [LAUGHTER] Ill just call you Gisbonda. You have kids? – Yes. RUSSELL PETERS: How many? – Two. Two. And with that lady there? Yes. And how old are they? So my son is going to be 7 and my daughter is 5. RUSSELL PETERS: 7 and 5, OK. And you like them? I love them. You like them so much you dress up as them. [LAUGHTER] It would have been amazing if she was dressed like an egg and you were like– [LAUGHTER] Men need to learn how to fake orgasms, thats their way around having kids. Let me explain to you. First of all, women dont need to know how to fake orgasms because they do it all the time. And women dont fake orgasms because they cant have them. Women fake orgasms because men are fucking idiots. Because heres the problem with men, we either dont pay enough attention to a woman or we fixate on one spot. Were like, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. And shes like ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, OK, ow, ow, ow, ow. But we dont hear the ow part. All we see is– That must be the spot. Dont leave that spot. Er, er, er, ow, ow, er, er, ow, ow, er, er, ow, ow, er, er, ow, ow. And the only way to get you to stop if she goes, ah! And then you are going, yeah, I did that. And shes like, no, you idiot. I was going numb. You need to learn how to fake an orgasm. Preag, let me show you how. When it comes to faking an orgasm with a woman, its very technical. I have made up a list of suggestions. I recommend if youre going to fake an orgasm with a woman, you should be behind her– having sex, not just standing there. Thatd fucking weird if you just– oh. [LAUGHTER] What the fuck was that? So you should be behind her having sex with her– with her– at same time, yeah. I recommend youre behind the woman, because when youre behind a woman its easier to fake. Its harder for them to check your work. Because when youre behind a woman, very rarely does a woman turn around and go, was that good? Never. Because you know why? Its not an attractive angle. Women dont want to look like, what? So when youre behind its like a horse in a race. Just [TROTTING NOISES]. You never see a horse going [TROTTING NOISES] So you should be behind her. And let me ask you something. You guys are fucking obviously. Whats your name? Sorry? – Sohill. RUSSELL PETERS: Sohill. And your name, sweetheart? Shabina. RUSSELL PETERS: Kibera? What? AUDIENCE: Shabina. RUSSELL PETERS: Sha– shamuch? Pisha? Shabina. Subpoena? Wait, like as in youve got to go to court tomorrow? Shabina. RUSSELL PETERS: Savita. Shabina. RUSSELL PETERS: Shabina. That was like 10 different versions of the same name I just heard. Shabina, OK. Im going Im going to prove to every woman in here that all men, including myself, every man in here has ADD, every single one of us. OK, Shabina, you ever doing it with Sohill and hes behind you and you can feel him slow down and then speed up and then slow down and speed up. And youre thinking, oh, my little SoSos got– [LAUGHTER] My little SoSo has moves. Let me tell you something, thats not what it is. Let me tell you what happened. Its ADD, thats exactly what the fuck happened. Heres what happens ladies, we get behind you, were good for the first two strokes. And then after that, ADD. Were like this, yeah, all right. [LAUGHTER] I got to change that light bulb when Im done. Oh shit, let me get back to it. Thats what happens. OK, Preag, pay attention, bastard, hello. [LAUGHTER] So when it comes to faking the orgasm, you dont have to do anything crazy, all right? Youre just doing your normal sex that you guys do. And dont act like you do all kinds of fancy shit in the bedroom, OK people? We all know once youre in a relationship for a while, theres the three basic positions. Theres the us, the her, the you. Thats all there is, its three moves. One to get it started, this ones for us. OK, now its your turn sweetheart. And then my turn, thats what happens. And heres some good reasons as to why you should fake an orgasm, because youre not ready to deal with a pregnant woman. Its a very different– are you pregnant, sweetheart? I could tell, because youve got a thin face and then youre holding your stomach and fat people never do that. So when are you due? Four weeks. RUSSELL PETERS: In four, oh wow, youre right– like, right there. And is this your first child? And is she extra horny right now? Its true, it happens. [LAUGHTER] Its a fact. Its true, they get really horny towards the end of the pregnancy. And its very uncomfortable for us. Because my girl when she was pregnant, she was like, towards the end, she was like, why dont you want to have sex with me? And I go, its– Oh my God, you think Im fat. I go, I dont think youre fat, I know youre pregnant. Then why would you have sex with me? Im like, I physically dont have enough equipment anymore to get in there. Because she got real big when she was pregnant. I was like, I cant. She was like, Ill get on top. And I go, no, because she gets on top then her stomach pushes me further away. And Im like, huh, huh. And nothing because I cant reach. It just my balls hitting her in the back. [SMACKING SOUNDS] Nothing happening. Its like that scene in Back to the Future where Docs trying to connect the wire. Come on, Marty. [LAUGHTER] OK, so youre doing your three positions, right? Its a regular lovemaking day, you know. You do us, her, and now its on to you. So youre behind her, doing your thing. You dont have to do anything extra, you just do it like normal. You want to set off any alarms. And when it comes time where you feel like now is when I want to fake my orgasm, this is where the work comes in. You have to sell it. You have to make a really believable noise, first of all. All right, and it has to be a noise that youre not going to accidentally do in the middle of the day, all right. And its going to be a big noise, you dont want to be like, oh. No, thats– Thats not it, all right. Its got to be big and– but like something– like what I do is when it comes time for me to fake an orgasm, what I do is I just grab her ass out of nowhere really hard. I go [SLAP SOUND],, and then I go, ah! Because Im never going to make that noise ever in my day. Not unless Im doing an impression of a reporter from the 1930s. Russell Peters, LA Times, can I get a quote, ah! So youve got to go, [SLAP SOUND],, ah! And thats only the beginning. Now you have to sell the orgasm. Thats where the work comes in. So its [SLAP SOUND], ah! [BLUBBERING] [LAUGHTER] You literally have to act when her vagina is electrocuting you. And then when youre done, you just collapse. You die, you die, you fall over. And then shell be like, wow, that was a good one, huh? Youre like, yeah, that was a good one, yeah. Pay attention though, a couple of seconds later, shes going to go, hey, youre not leaking out of me. You go, no, no, thats because I shot that one way up there. I launched that one. Its in there deep. Whatever you do, dont burp, because its going to come out. [LAUGHTER] You know, Indian parents, like the NRI Indians, theyre very different than you guys. You may not believe me, but you guys are far more forward thinking than they are. Heres the problem with the Indians that left India, they left India in whatever year they left, and thats what year India is stuck in. [LAUGHTER] If they left in 1970– if they left in 1970, India is still 1970 to them. They cant imagine all this shit is happening. No, no, Russell, that would never happen in India. Yeah, come. Come, motherfucker. You should see. Youre going to see. They do, they try. They hang on to shit that doesnt even exist in India anymore. They try to be overly Indian. And their whole reason for leaving was bullshit, because theyll do this, no, I want to leave and give my children a better life, give them opportunities, expose them to different things, let them experience a new world. And then what do they do? They have the kids born and raised in America, and then around 18, they go, son, we know youre dating, but maybe you should consider an Indian girl. And youre like, but were in America now. I know, but you should think about an Indian girl. I go, no, I mean, you know, If I meet one, yeah. But its not going to be my focus, because theres so many other women around here, I might as well try something else. I mean, if Im going to get with an Indian girl, what was the fucking point of leaving in the first place? At least over there we got way more choice. But son– this is the bullshit they pull on them– son, what will happen to our culture if we dont stay together? What will happen to our culture? Let me tell you what will happen to our culture, fucking nothing. Fucking nothing. You know why? Because theres 1.3 billion motherfuckers right here. [LAUGHTER] If every Indian outside of India never married another Indian again, we would still have 1.3 billion right here. You dont need us helping you. Even you guys are like, stop fucking, please, we dont need any more. Heres what Indian parents need to understand, is that the Indians and the Chinese will forever, always, 100% of the time, be on this planet, no matter what. Theres too many of us to just go missing. If there was a nuclear war tomorrow, you know what would be left? Rats, roaches, Indians, and Chinese, thats all that would be left. [LAUGHTER] And since everythings already made on this great continent of Asia, were going to be fine. Heres what Indian parents need to understand, if an Indian guy has a kid with a white girl, they have a beige baby, thats a win for us. I have two kids with Latin women, my kids are khaki. If an Indian guy has a kid with a black woman, thats a brown baby with the possibility of a larger penis. Thats another fucking win for us. [LAUGHTER] And if an Indian guy and a Chinese girl have a baby, thats a super baby, and thats a win-win, and you can name the kid Win-Win. [LAUGHTER] You know who I feel bad for in this world? I feel bad for white people. I do. I feel bad for white people. I know theres some in here, but I cant see you. Youre back there, I see you glowing in the dark. I do feel bad for white people because youre dwindling at an alarming rate. Like, theres not– you realize, like, in about 150 years theres not going to be any more purebred white people. Theyve just been infiltrated at all costs. Thats why I feel like I live in America, and in America you see on the news, you see white people have these rallies. And people get really mad at them. And I kind of sympathize with them. You see them on the news, like, the white people need to be together with the white people. They always add an h in front of it for some reason. The white people. And Ill tell you what. But theyre like white people need to be together with white people. And Im like, yeah, they do. And theyre like, what? Im like, Im with you. We dont want you with us. I know. Im not with you, with you. But I feel your pain. What in the hells wrong with you, boy? Im just saying, well, theres a lot of us and theres very few of you. I just want to see the white people get preserved. Because if white people go missing, who the fuck are we going to blame? [LAUGHTER] Im not ready for that kind of accountability. Look at Scratch, his kids are half Indian, yes. He likes the brown. And I dont mean– [LAUGHTER] But Indian parents, theyre– I know theres a lot of Indian parents here too, but you need to know, Indian parents, that youre very good parents, but youre also really shit parents at the exact same time. Heres why theyre good. Theyre good because they love you so much. Theyre shit because they love you so much. Because heres the problem with Indian parents, they love their kids to the point where they dont let their kids think at all. Like, they dont– We dont want their brain to burn out, just let us do all the thinking for you. We will make all the decisions. And it all stems from– we all keep– were missing a generation, you realize that. There is a generation missing from somewhere. Because our parents lived for their parents, and our parents are trying to make us live for them. And then I guess well pass it down and make our kids live for us. And who the fuck is living themselves anymore? But thats what they do. They overpower you with the, you know, son, just do what I tell you to do, OK? Trust me on this. Dont do that. Go here. Dont go there. Talk to these people. Dont talk to those people. And then Im not the kind of guy that can ever just take information like that. I always question everything. So Im like– if you want to see an Indian parent fall apart, question them. Holy shit, they have no clue what to do. My dad would be like, son, I dont want you going to that club tonight. I go, why not? What do you mean why not? I mean, why not? I need to know why I should not go to this club. Son, because its a fact. What? What do you mean? What does that even mean? Son, it means its a fact. You havent given me one fact. Son, its a fact. When something is a fact, its a fact. You cannot change a fact because a fact is a fact. Im like, is that a fact? I love coming back to India and Ill tell you why because I love coming back to India. You know, whats funny is people ask me all the time whenever I come to India, like, Russell, why dont you like Bollywood? Why dont you like Bollywood? Ill be honest with you, Im going to tell you the truth right now. Heres the reason I– heres the real reason I dont enjoy Bollywood films, because I love car chases. And you can never have a fucking car chase in Mumbai. [LAUGHTER] Its not even a plausible idea. Quick, get him. [HORN HONKING] Uncle. [KNOCKING] [LAUGHTER] Beat it, were trying to have car chase. Uncle. Car chase went up to at least two kilometers an hour. [LAUGHTER] Heres the thing now and we live in a really interesting time. Where Indians used to just always leave India to go on vacation, Im finding more and more Indians are celebrating their country more. Theyre going to different places in India and having, like, these really nice trips and vacations. And that, to me, is very important. Because the Indians that left, when we come here, we only go to where were from. We dont see anything else ever. When I was a kid and I would come to India, just Bombay, Calcutta. Thats all I would see, Bombay, Calcutta, Bombay, Calcutta. It got to the point where I didnt know if there was any more to India than just Bombay and Calcutta. And I remember being here in Bombay, I was 9 years old. And I said to my dad, I go, dad, is there any more to India than just Bombay and Calcutta? And my dad said, no. Are you sure? Positive. But there seems like theres a whole bunch of country out there. Im sure theres more people. There are more people and they look just like you. What do you want to see? I was like, dad, can I see the Taj Mahal? Not from here. Physically impossible. Its a different place. You know, its one of those– Its a beautiful place, but I always try and explain it to people in North America that India is the kind of country where you could cut it in half and have a north and the south and probably create two countries– not that I want you to. But Im saying, because theyre two completely different fucking worlds. You take a guy from the north of India and a guy from the south of India and throw them in a room together, they have nothing in common. They cant speak the same language, they dont look the same, they dont eat the same food. The only one common denominator throughout all of India is this. Thats the only one thing we can agree on. You throw them in a room, where are you from? Im from India. Im from India, what part? No, not that part, no. Growing up I was ripped off from the Indian culture, my parents didnt exposed me to it. It was unfair. Because I hung around black people my whole life. From the time I was about four years old all I hung around was black dudes. And it wasnt until I was about 18 that I realized, holy shit, I dont know anything about Indian people. Because my names Russell, my parents are Eric and Maureen, my brothers Clayton, my grandparents are James, Christopher, Sheila, Eileen. Its not going to happen. It wasnt till I was about 18 that I started to meet Indian people. And I was so excited to meet Indian people, but Id never heard Indian names. I saw an Indian guy, and I go, yo, are you Indian? He goes, yeah. Me too. I go, Im Russell. He goes, Im Pancag. I go, whoa, what the fuck was that? I go, why do your parents not like you? And then hes like– and this is when I realized how much I didnt know about Indian culture– he goes, hey, you know that one Indian song? I go, no, I dont know what the fuck youre talking about. Because my dad was very much against Indian music. He didnt like the Indian movies or the Indian music at all. It was just his– he just didnt like the sound of it. And I get it, you know. Like, my mom would sneak the Indian channel on every now and then and thered be, like, an Indian song playing in the back ground. My dad would just yell from the kitchen, Maureen, shut that shit off. Sounds like cats in heat. And then I remember hearing Indian music for the first time and I go, holy fuck, it does sound like cats in heat. [SCREECHING] And thats why theres so many of us because we listen to horny cat music. But when I say I didnt know anything about the Indian culture, I mean fucking basic things I was lacking. And I was so mad at my parents for ripping me off from that part of my culture that I went out of my way to try and learn everything about Indian culture. But theres too much to know. Theres no way you can know everything about Indian people. Thats probably why we believe in reincarnation so you can come back and finish the book. But basic things, like, basic, basic things I didnt know. Like, we came to India about 12, 13 years ago for shows, heres how much I didnt know. We got off the plane and the lady– all I can remember is my dad teaching me was, son, always be respectful, OK? Always be respectful. I go, all right, be respectful. We got off the plane in Bombay. The lady greets us. She goes, namaste, sir. I go, thank you. My brother goes, what the fuck was that? I go, Im being respectful. He goes, no, you fucking idiot, youre supposed to namaste with her. I go, I dont know her like that. I cant just start namasting bitches all over the place and catch a me too. Im not playing this game. He goes, no, you fucking idiot. You gotta bow and say namaste. I go, oh, right. Namaste, right. So then we get to the hotel and the guy greets us. He goes, namaste, uncle. And I go, uncle, who the fuck is this guy? We got cousins working at the hotel? Lets get an upgrade. And then after a while, I got the hang of it and I became, like, the namaste king. You couldnt out namaste me for nothing. I was like– I was namasting the shit out of people. I was like, namaste, namaste, namaste. I was turning spins on it. Namaste, motherfuckers. I was like a black girl at church breaking it down. Na-mas-te. [LAUGHTER] There was a lady in my hotel lobby, she was about to sneeze. She went– and I went namaste. She she went, you fucked up my sneeze. But I was on fire with my namastes everywhere. And we were on tour and then my fake northern half of India is namaste, namaste, namaste, namaste. And then we went to Chennai Madras. And Id never been to the South before. And we get off the plane. And as we get off the plane, the girl puts her hands together. And I cut her off and I go namaste. And she goes, vanakkam. [LAUGHTER] What? What? What? Whats that? She goes, vanakkam. I said, did you just say vanna come? [LAUGHTER] I was like, I like the south. Of course I want to come. Doesnt anybody want to come? Should you want to come at least once a day? Its different down there, man. Its very different. I try to explain to people the difference between North and South. North, taller, lighter skin, bigger features, more body hair, not that bright. [LAUGHTER] Its a fact. You go to the south, shorter, darker, smaller features, less body hair, much smarter. And if you dont believe me that youre smarter in the South, Ill prove it to you. All the computer shit that happens in the world, happens in the south of India. And I was trying to figure out why are they so good with computers? And I figured it out, its the languages. Because in the north they speak slower. [SLOW GIBBERISH] Then you go to the south and they sound like this– [FAST GIBBERISH] And thats why they can read computer code. [LAUGHTER] [FAST GIBBERISH] Well, there we are in Madras and the promoter meets us at the airport and hes like, hello, Russell. And I go, hi, Im Russell. He goes, this is your driver. And I go, hey buddy, Im Russell. And he goes, Hello Russell, Im Naga Lingam. I said, what happened? He said, I am Naga Lingam. I said, I dont know what youre saying. That is my name, sir. What is your name? Naga Lingam. I said, were going to need to work on this because I dont know that Ill be able to say that. Please, sir, everyone just calls me Naga. I said, oh, I gotta be honest with you, I grew up with black people and Im a little uncomfortable with your name. I got to be honest with you. He goes, please, sir, everyone, please, just call me Naga. I said, all right, all right. So we start driving, right? And I see this mall coming up in the distance. And Im like, oh, I need to get something. So Im trying to get the drivers attention. Im like, yo, [CLEARS THROAT] hello, hello, excuse me, bastard, bastard G, hello, hello, hello, yo, hey yo, my Naga. Can we stop in that mall for a second? He goes, no, no, sir. We must continue to venue. I was like, Naga, please. Just then this guy cuts him off and he loses his shit. And I was like, yo, this Nagas crazy, right? [LAUGHTER] Right then my mom calls me. And shes like, where are you? I said, Im in Madras. She goes, oh, thats great. Did you know that your grandfather, James Peters, was born and raised in Madras and then he moved to Bombay and thats where your father was born. I said, I did not know that. But did you know I got a driver and hes got the best name Ive ever heard in my life. She goes, whats his name? I said, Naga. And she goes, OK. I said, mom, isnt that funny? She said, no, why is it funny? What do you mean, why is it funny? Mom, his name is Naga. You know like, Naga what? Naga who? And if you dont know now you know, Naga. She goes, son, thats not funny. Naga just means snake. It does? Whats his last name? I said, Lingam. She goes, oh my God, thats funny. I go, why is that funny? That means penis. What? Wait, this guys name is snake penis? It is a very common name in the south. What? There are many snake peni down here? You cant just name your kid snake penis and send him out in the world. Its not like hes living in America with a name like Naga Lingam where nobody knows what it means. You all know what the fuck his name means. You know that this Naga Lingam had to have had an arranged marriage. And it was one of those hardcore arranged marriages where he never met the girl till the day of the wedding. Even he got to the wedding, he was like, which one is she? OK, got it. Good, yes. They have the wedding, they have the reception, everybody has a wonderful time. Naga Lingam and his new wife go back to the hotel room for the first time. Their alone, its uncomfortable, he walks in the bedroom. So I guess you heard. Would you like to see it? And she goes, OK. He pulls out a flute. [FLUTE MUSIC] Thank you so much, Bombay. I love you guys. Thank you. [APPLAUSE] [MUSIC PLAYING]

JIMMY O. YANG@GOOD DEAL@2020@ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage… Jimmy O. Yang! [CHEERING] [MUSIC – METER MOBB FT TOO $HORT, YOU CAME TO PARTY] Hows everybody doing? Yes, yes. Thank you. Thank you guys very much for coming out. Whats up, yall beautiful people? This is great, man. You guys can have a seat now. You guys can have a seat. Thank you, thank you so much. Where my Asian people at, Asian people? [CHEERING] Hey! You came out! Were out here representing, man. I got to say, its been a couple of good years for us Asians, right? We had Crazy Rich Asians last year. That was a huge moment for us, yeah. Jeremy Lin won a championship… for doing nothing. Hes the first Asian kid to receive a participation trophy. We got to be proud of him, finally. Its great, great couple of years, man. But this is recent history. I dont know if you guys remember this. Just three years ago, there was a movie called The Great Wall— starring Matt Damon. It was a real movie. It was Matt Damon in ancient China fighting dragons and shit, and everybody spoke English? I said, what the fuck is this? But you got to understand. Im not mad at Matt Damon, OK? Hes an actor. Thats what he does for a living. Thats how he gets a check. I get it. If somebody were to offer me a lead role in a movie called Mount Rushmore,… I would play the shit out of George Washington, you know what I mean? [CHEERING] No shame in my game. Ill play George Washington Carver if they let me. Thats a black guy, by the way. I dont know if you know. Gotta represent, man. I see a lot of people out here in the streets, they want to come up to me, but theyre not really sure. Theres a lot of debate amongst their friends. Theyre like, hey, man, are you sure thats him? If we go up there, we got to be sure. Because if we go up there and its not him, were gonna look super racist. Are you sure thats not Ken Jeong? I dont know. It looks kind of like Ali Wong. I dont know. And they come up to me, its always like, the first thing they say, like, hey, hey, man, arent you that dude Jian-Yang from that show Silicon Valley? And Im like, oh, thanks. Thank you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you. Thank you, I appreciate that. Yeah, I am. And then theyre like, oh, shit, I didnt even know you speak English in real life! Im like, its called acting, motherfucker. Like, did you really think Matt Damon was Chinese? Like, whats wrong with you? I dont know what the disconnect is. Like, if a white actor does a British accent, hes a thespian. He wins an Oscar. If I do a Chinese accent, Im automatically from the old country. Representation matters, man. A lot of Asian people come up to me, very proud, very nice. Theyre like, Jimmy, thank you for represent the Asians, man. Im like, eh, youre welcome. But you do understand, its not really a choice, right? Like, when you wake up Asian, you can only represent Asians. I couldnt just wake up one day and be like, fuck it, Im representing Nigerians today. Im very proud to represent Asians. But at the same time, theres so much pressure. Like, nobody ever went up to Matt Damon and be like, hey, Matt, thanks for representing the whites. It sounds weird. Thats like a different conversation for some reason, you know? If somebody came up to me being like, hey, Jimmy, Im representing for the whites, I would leave that town immediately and never come back. So much pressure to represent. I got to be a good Asian everywhere now. I got to tip everywhere I go. That was one of the major advantages of being Asian, is I could just pretend I dont know how to tip. Yall know what a Chinese tip is? Chinese tip, it doesnt matter how big your bill is, you tip $2. Thats a Chi– Thats a Chinese tip, man. Now I got to tip 20% everywhere. I got to give every Uber driver five-star ratings just so I can be a good representative. Everywhere I go, I got to represent. Even day to day shit, even the bedroom I got to represent. After I hooked up with this one girl, this is what she said to me. She was like, Jimmy, I dont know how to tell you this, but youre the first Asian guy Ive ever been with. Im like, OK. What do you want, a fortune cookie? Like, wha–? Like, what do you want? She acted like she just unlocked a new character on Street Fighter or some shit. Why do you feel the need to say that? This one girl said this shit that was so disrespectful. This is what she said to me after we hooked up. She was like, Jimmy, um, Im just glad the stereotypes not true. You dont have a small penis. Im like, bitch, you understand you just insulted my entire race of people? But thank you. First of all, thank you for thinking that I did have a small penis, and we still had sex. Youre the real MVP. You get two fortune cookies tonight, miss. Thank you. But thats a fucked up stereotype, right? Thats not even true. Thats a fucked up stereotype. Everybody should have average dick until proven guilty. I dont care how tall you are, what ethnicity you are, how big your hands are. Everybody should start at average dick, 8 inches. And we go from there. Theres so much pressure, man. I feel like every time I have sex, theres a billion Chinese people on my back just judging me. I gotta make sure I perform and represent, you know? I got to get them an extra pump for my uncle in Shanghai, an extra pump for my nephew in Hong Kong and shit. Its like, oh, my god. Thats why you see old Asian people, they be walking like this, just like– (CHINESE ACCENT) Its so much pressure. I love old Asian people, man. Yeah, yeah, old Asian people are the best. But why are all old Asian people always stretching in the park? Like, it doesnt matter which city youre in, which park you go to, you wake up, 6:30 in the morning, you see about 250 old Asian people all doing this shit at the same time, for like three hours. What the fuck are they doing? And my dad was trying to explain to me. Hes like, oh, theyre warming up to do Tai Chi. Im like, for how long? And ironically, Tai Chi is a warm-up in itself. So theyre warming up to warm up for nothing. And I think to a lot of Americans, like, people think that Tai Chi to some, like, exotic Chinese secret, some oriental art. No. Tai Chi is just exercise for people who are too old to exercise. Lets not exoticize these things, you know? Its actually super simple to do Tai Chi. I went to a park, watched those old people for like an hour, and I learned how to do Tai Chi. Very simple, all you gotta do is two things. All you gotta do to do to Tai Chi is pretend youre wiping down a window and getting a blow job at the same time. You guys seem skeptical. Allow me to demonstrate. [CHEERING] Its very simple. All you gotta do, you get it your little stance, right, OK? And then you wipe down a window. And now you get a blow job. Then you lift her head up, because youre a gentleman, you know? Thats Tai Chi. [APPLAUSE] Thank you, thank you. Lets not exoticize these Asian things. Theyre just old people reminiscing about the days when they got sucked off. Thats it. You got to take advantages of all these, like, Asian stereotypes, you know? If people are just going to exoticize us, thats fine. Whenever somebody asks me to do something I dont want to do, I just make up a fake Chinese holiday now. Its like, hey, Jimmy can you help me move next Monday? Im like, Monday? Thats the Dragon Boat Lychee Boba Festiva, dog. I cant– I cant just help you move. My grandfather died for that shit, you understand? And if people are just gonna assume that I dont speak English, thats fine. Thats what I do now when I get pulled over by the cops. I just pretend I dont speak English. I havent gotten a ticket in five years. Last time I got pulled over, the cop was knocking on my window. He was like, sir, you do understand you cant make a right turn here? It says right there on the sign. You cant make a right turn. So I just looked up at him. I was like, (CHINESE ACCENT) Oh, I dont know. Im sorry, but-ah English not very good. So I cannot read-ah the sign. And he was really confused. He just looked back down at me. He was like, sir, the sign is not in English. Its a diagram, so I dont understand how thats a language barrier? So I just looked up at him. I was like, (CHINESE ACCENT) Oh… I dont know. But do you know today is the Dragon Boat Lychee Boba– [APPLAUSE] You got to use it to your advantage, people. Im very happy to be here, man. [CHEERING] Thank you. Oh, you guys dont have to– thank you. Thank you for all your support. Its been great. Its been really great. Like, Im finally– Im like quasi-famous now. Nothings really changed. I might get a free appetizer at select PF Changs. Thats about it. Nothings really changed. I was still using Tinder up until like a year ago. This is a true story. But now I realize I got a whole new set of issues on Tinder. Like now, when I do match with a girl, she doesnt believe that its me. Like, ew, thats not you. Youre not that guy from this thing and that thing. Im like, who the fuck is using me as a fake profile? You gotta dig real deep to use me, man. I feel like theres so many better choices out there. One time– one time, my agent told me that I had a good look. And Im like, thanks, dude, I appreciate that. But then it took me years to realize that having a good look is totally different than being good-looking. I still dont know what the fuck it means. And look, Im not being self-deprecating, OK? Thats Hollywood talk. I dont listen to that shit. I understand that, in real life, Im like super good-looking– if youre into anime. You gotta get in where you fit in, people. One time, I went over to the girls house, she has this, like, Naruto anime poster in her bedroom. I knew I was fucking that night. You got to know your demo, people. Asian people, we dont need Tinder anymore. We just go to BTS concerts. Thats how we do that parking lot pimping. Ive been dating a lot of tall girls lately, because it makes me look successful. No, no. I think tall women are beautiful. But some of them like to wear heels. Thats just disrespect. Like, youre already five inches taller than me. Why the fuck are you wearing heels? Shes like, it makes my ass look better. Im like, your ass is at my eye level right now. Neither of us look good, OK? I look like a child, and you look like a child molester. Last time– the last time I took a tall girl to this concert– I dont know if you guys know this, but apparently, tall people have fun at concerts. Are you guys aware of that? Im 5' 5". I just go to concerts to smell other peoples armpits. Im like what the fucks the point of this? She was having the time of her life, doing whatever tall people do at concerts, you know, jumping around, obstructing other peoples views, seeing everything. I was frustrated. I had enough. So I just looked up at her, I was like, hey! Pick me up. This is bullshit. I paid for these tickets, OK? I want to see Billy Eilish, too. Come on. I know Im becoming an adult finally, because now my favorite TV show is Fixer Upper on HGTV. Thats the greatest show of all time. You guys watch it, Chip and Joanna Gaines, Fixer Upper? Its a great show, right? Its a great show. Like, its really a beautiful relationship. Joanna does all the interior decorating, and she brings in all the furniture and makes the house look amazing. And Chip just hires Mexicans to do everything for him. Its the most symbiotic American relationship ever. And its a really nice show. Its a feel-good show. Its an aspiring show. You watch the show and youre like, man, one day, maybe my house could look that nice– if I moved to Waco, Texas. If I just give up on my life and move to Waco, Texas, maybe I can have a new open concept kitchen. I dont know about you guys. Shit is expensive where I live in LA. And I watch this show and I just get frustrated. Because you get, like, these like, entry-level-job-having people in Texas. And theyre like, Joanna, were looking for a six bedroom house on three acres of land and our budgets $50,000. Bitch, I cant even buy a crack house in Compton for $50,000. HGTV is just basically MTV Cribs for adults. Because when you were 15, you had crazier dreams, you know? You watch MTV Cribs, and youre like, oh, man, one day, I hope I can have a Lamborghini. One day, I hope I can have a fridge with only Gatorades. And now, youre like 35, your dreams just get a little more realistic. Youre watching HGTV, and youre just, like, oh, man, one day, I wish I could just fix this roof. Look, Im doing, like, fine by any measure, you know? But I still live in a one-bedroom apartment because that shit is rent-controlled. And when the Asian people, when we find a good deal, were never letting that shit go. -Yeah. [APPLAUSE] That apartment is about to be generational. Its gonna get passed to my nephew, his kids, and all that. Its mine now, basically. I dont want to buy a house. I live by myself, and Im scared of ghosts. Ive seen enough movies to know that ghosts only haunt houses, not one bedroom apartments. [APPLAUSE] Yeah. Ive seen enough Hollywood movies to know that ghost only haunt rich peoples houses in the suburbs, preferably with a newborn baby, because they got way too much to lose. Shit is high stakes. I live by myself. I aint got nothing to lose. A ghost come haunt me, I just move. Worse comes to worse, I lose my security deposit. Fuck it, you know? Whats a ghost gonna do? Hes gonna follow me from unit to unit, start knocking on my light fixtures and shit. Im like, hey, dog, go ahead. Its not even mine. You fuck around, we both get evicted, OK? Like, you dont want to be a homeless ghost. And if you really think about it, what kind of loser ghost haunts an apartment? That means that ghost probably died in an apartment. He didnt even die a homeowner. I aint got no respect for that shit. He comes haunt me, I just start talking shit to him. Like, hey, dog, what was your credit score when you died, though, like, for real? For real. I was born in Hong Kong. Any Hong Kong people? A couple of us– awesome, man. For you guys that havent been following the news, Hong Kong is a part of Japan. Im joking, obviously. But I said the same shit in Kansas City, and people were like, really? Wow, we learned something new today, Bill. I did a show in Kansas City. I dont know why either. People are very nice in Kansas City. Im not gonna say, like, theyre racist or anything like that, but theyre just, like, curious. Like theyre watching me like theyre watching an episode of National Geographic. And a pack of giraffes just ran by, and theyre like, oh, Ive never seen one of those in real life. It looks majestic. This one kid in Kansas City came up to me after the show, very nice kid. This is what he said. He was like, ah, Jimmy, thought you were really funny, man. I dont mean to offend you– thats when you know youre about to get offended. He was like, I dont mean to offend you, but when I first saw your poster, I thought you were gonna play the violin. I was like, I do, motherfucker, just not right now. Shit. [APPLAUSE] I keep it a secret. See, I gotta say, I got some of the nicest crowds in the business. I rarely ever get heckled. And one time I was talking about how I used to play the violin. An old Chinese lady sitting in the front, just stood up and screamed out, first chair or second chair? [APPLAUSE] And I was like, thanks, maam, fifth chair, actually, fifth chair. I wasnt– I wasnt very good. I wasnt good. I grew up very stereotypically in Hong Kong. Like my real name is not even Jimmy. Thats my English name. My real name is Man-Sing. In Cantonese, [SPEAKING CANTONESE]. It stands for 10,000 success. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah. I had very ambitious parents. And now Im telling dick jokes and doing Tai Chi on stage, so– Jimmy was just kind of like an arbitrary English name that just sounded easy. And my dad, he named himself Richard. I was like, Dad, whyd you name yourself Richard? He was like, because I want to be rich. It makes so much sense. And then they named my older brother Roger after the James Bond actor Roger Moore. Yeah, but my brother hated that name. He was like, man, it makes me sound like an old white guy. So eventually he changed his own name to Roy. So now he sounds like an older white guy. And now his full name is Roy Roger, which is the oldest white guy to ever white. I grew up very stereotypically, man. I didnt play basketball or football. I grew up playing ping pong— competitively! That was a serious national sport back home, man. You know, I didnt go to any, like, fun summer camp, space camp. My dad sent me to a ping pong training camp in Gwangju, China. I almost died. It was 100 kids competing for one spot on the national team. It was basically Fortnite with ping pong paddles. We took that shit seriously, though. My dad would take me to every practice, every tournament game. And he always tried to give me a pep talk before every game. But you know, Asian parents, theyre way too honest. So every pep talk just turned into an insult. Like, he would come up to me, be like, (CHINESE ACCENT) Jimmy. Jimmy. Youre going to play well, OK? Even though you slow, even though you weak, and you suck. And then he would just walk away. I was very good at math. Thats a big Asian stereotype. I think theres some truth to that. Not because of some weird genetic thing, just because our parents cared so much more about mathematics and academics. You guys seen it. You guys seen those, like, Kumon Learning Centers in those strip malls, right, right? Kumon Learning Centers, for you guys that dont know, are basically detention camps for young Asian children. You can tell that place is kind of fucked up by the look of its logo. Because its supposed to be a smiley face, but its not really smiling. Its just like, meh. My parents were way too cheap to send me to Kumon. They got a different strategy. They never let me use a calculator until I turned 15, so I can work on my brain function. Thats an old school Chinese strategy. So when I turned 15, it was a very special occasion. It was basically my Quinceañera. My dad just gave me a TI-83 Plus. [CHEERING] And he looked me in the eyes, and he was like, youre a woman now, OK? But when youre a kid, when your parents tell you you cant do something, what do you do? You rebel, right? So when I was 14 years old, I stole my brothers calculator. I stole Roy Rogers calculator, and I locked myself in my room. And I started rebelling. I started doing math homework. Other kids were, like, fucking around with, like, alcohol and drugs. I was fucking up some parabolas, you know? Locked myself in a room, I was just punching in numbers. I was like, oh, man, this feels great, you know? Its so wrong. Its awesome. My dad was pissed. He was knocking on the outside of the door. He doesnt like locked doors in the house. And he was screaming. He was like, (CHINESE ACCENT) Jimmy! Jimmy! What are you doing inside? Come out right now. I know youre in there using a calculator. Come out right now. I was so scared I didnt know what to do. And he unlocked the door, and he came in. I went into full panic mode. So I just threw away the calculator, and I pulled down my pants. I was like, Dad, I was just jerking off. And he came in, and he looked at me. And then he looked at the math homework. And he was like good, good, very good. Very good, very good, you must really like math. Thats good. Keep it up. Because there is nothing, there is nothing that will make an Asian father more proud than to see his son jerk off to his math homework. I grew up very stereotypically, man. But all these things– playing the violin, being good at math, my names– those things werent stereotypes when I was growing up in Hong Kong, because everybody was Asian. Everyone was good at math. It didnt become a stereotype until I came to this country when I was 13 years old. And I automatically became the weird foreign kid. Like, I didnt really even know how to speak English. I learned English how you guys will learn Spanish, just on paper. But if I would have dropped you off in Mexico when youre 13 years old, you wouldve died. I was a very confused kid, man. The first day of school, everybody was standing up, putting their right hand on their chest, doing the Pledge of Allegiance. I didnt know what was going on. I was like, did, I just join a cult? First day of school, this girl came up to me. She was like, hey, whats up? I didnt know what that meant, so I just looked up. I was a very confused kid. All these little customs, I wasnt used to. Like the first day of PE class, first day of PE class, we had to change into our gym clothes. Id never done that. Everybody was wearing boxers, and I was still wearing tighty-whiteys. And this kid, this bully next to me, he was being real mean. He was like, hey, look, the Asian kids wearing tighty-whiteys. Thats gay. And I was like, oh, really, is I what it means? I had no idea. And then I put on my gym shorts, but my mom had bought me gym shorts that was my exact size, an extra small. So that wasnt very cool, because it came down mid-thigh. And apparently back in the day, that was called a John Stockton. And the same kid next to me, that bully next to me, he was like, hey, hey, look at– dont wear your pants like that. Pull your pants down, man. Pull your pants down. And I was like, whos the gay one now? But I didnt know what to do. Everybody was looking at me, and this kid kept saying pull your pants down. So I was like, oh, shit. Ive seen Shawshank Redemption. Maybe this is just how it works in America. So I start pulling down my shorts all the way down to my knees, all the way down to my ankle. And that same kid, the bully next to me, is like, hey, what are you doing? Dont pull them down all the way. Thats gay. And Im like, what is not gay in this country? And apparently this other kid next me, hes like, hey, dont pull them down all the way. Just sag them a little bit. Just sag your pants. And I didnt know what sagging your pants meant. Apparently, thats a cool, hip hop thing, to pull your pants down halfway down your butt so you show everybody you asshole. And apparently, thats the only not gay way to wear your pants in America. [APPLAUSE] I had no idea. All these weird American things I wasnt used to. Eventually, I learned how to speak English by watching a lot of TV, mainly BET Rap City. Because that was my shit. I want to be cool, and nothing cooler than BET Rap City, right? Every music video was a slice of somebodys American dream. The first music video I saw was Jay-Zs Big Pimpin'. You guys remember that shit? Jay-Zs Big Pimpin' was the greatest music video of all time. It was Jay-Z and his boys on a yacht pouring champagne on this beautiful womans face for, like, four minutes. I was like, this is America? Its amazing. Thats all I wanted to do. Like before I even wanted to get into stand-up, thats all I want to do. I want to be a rapper. I want to be like Jay-z in Big Pimpin'. So I started my own rap group in high school. This is a true story. It was me, my black friend Julian, and my other friend Yugi, who was half black and half Japanese. So we are perfectly 1 and 1/2 black dudes and 1 and 1/2 Asian dudes. And we called ourselves The Yellow Panthers. I know. I wish I was making this shit up, but Im not. The Yellow Panthers was a real rap group. And we had a real rap song. It was called, Underground Railroad Builder. [APPLAUSE] I was confused. Eventually, I became a good Asian-American, and I went to school to get an Economics degree. Because that was the easiest degree that can still appease my Asian parents. But then after I graduated, I didnt want to do, like, econ or finance. So I went up to my dad, I was like, dad, I dont want to do any of this. I want to go try and do stand-up. He was like, whats a– whats a stand-up? You mean like a talk show? I was like, yeah, sure, talk show, whatever you want to call it. But I want to go pursue my dreams. And he was like, no. Pursue your dreams how you become homeless. I was like, no, no, Dad, Dad, its– things are different now. Were in America, OK? In America, were supposed to do what we love. He was like, no. Everyone does what they hate for money and use the money to do what they love. [APPLAUSE] Thats that old school Chinese mentality, right? See, Im like first generation. But my parents, theyre like negative 9 generation, because theyre so frickin Chinese. Like, its really hard for me to watch TV with my dad, because hes trying to make me explain everything to him. First of all, old Asian people, they dont watch TV. They judge the TV. This is like, Im just sitting next to my dad on the couch, and hes wearing his, like, old Asian man costume, which is just a wife beater and tighty-whiteys. Hes just sitting there, arms folded, judging the TV like– [APPLAUSE] [GRUNTS] [COUGHS] Hes made some random noises around the house. Now whenever he sneezes, its never just a sneeze. Its like a whole tsunami of sound waves that comes after. Its just like, achoo! Oh! Ay, shit. [APPLAUSE] Oh! Im like, what the fuck, Dad, just have an orgasm? What was that? And he doesnt understand what Im saying half the time. Hes like, oh, theres an orgasm. OK, the orga– orgasm. And hes trying to make me explain everything to him on TV. Do you understand how difficult it is to explain a rap music video to an old Chinese man? Were just sitting there. My dad was like, uh, Jimmy, Jimmy, what it mean when he say Lamborghini Mercier? Whats that? And Im like, Dad, hes bragging about his car. Its a Lamborghini Mercier Largo, a very expensive car. You know what that is, right? And he was like, oh, OK, OK, yes, yes. Thats when you know they have no idea what the fuck you just said. He was like, OK, OK, yes, yes, a Lamborghini, OK. Jimmy, what he mean when he say, your chick, she so thirsty. Whats that? And I was like, shit, um– Dad, hes making fun of somebodys girlfriend, OK? Its saying, like, she likes attention from other guys, and she likes to do sex stuff with them, you know, like, blow jobs and such. And he was like, oh, OK, OK, yes, yes. Yes, blow jobs, OK. Mm. [CLEARS THROAT] Jimmy, Jimmy. Im thirsty, too, OK? So– I was like, oh, god, no. No, it got lost in translation. Its disgusting. I dont know if you guys know this, but I came from an acting family. But its not really like Angelina Jolie and Jon Voight. I guess I would be Angelina Jolie in that equation. My dad is also an actor, but he started acting after I did. Because he was like, its so easy, you can do it, I can. Im like, Dad, fine, if you think my lifes so easy, why dont you go to some open call auditions and youll understand how hard it is, how much rejection I face every day at my job. He was like, OK. And he went to all these auditions, and he started booking everything. Its a true story. He got on this show in China, in mainland China, called Little Daddy, Xiao Baba. Half a billion people watch that show. Its like the Big Bang Theory of China, and Richard blew up. And he was like, this is easy. I dont know. [APPLAUSE] My plan completely backfired. And my aunt in Shanghai, she watched the show, and she will call the house in LA. And shes like, congratulations, Richard, youre such a good actor. Did your son teach you how to act? And hes like, no, no, Im a natural. Oh, thats very good, you and your son, same busyness, you know? You two are very funny. Hes like, no, no, Jimmy is not funny. Im like, Dad thats bullshit, OK? You got one good role, good for you. Im happy for you. But youre not a real actor yet. Real actors, we got to cry, we got to laugh. Do you even know how to cry in front of a camera? He was like, yes, I just think about how much you suck at ping pong. Needless to say, I grew up with low self-esteem, because I was raised by Asian parents. My dads not even the worse. My moms much worse. Have you guys ever hung out with old Asian ladies? Old Asian ladies will tell you exactly what the fuck is wrong with your face, as if theyre trying to do you a favor. I go to my moms house, the first thing she says, shes like, Jimmy… [MANDARIN] Ai-yah. [APPLAUSE] Why is your face so fat? Your clothes look homeless. And your hair, ai-yah, its gay. Sometimes its like embarrassing for me to hang out with my mom, you know? Because Asian people, we just got a different custom, you know? Like my mom, when she goes shopping, she doesnt buy shit she needs. She just buys shit because its a good deal. I brought– one time, I brought a full price shirt home, $20. And she was like, was it full price? No, its a bad deal. I was like, Mom, its only 20 bucks. Shes like, yes, $20, if youre stupid. She goes to Ross and she freaks out, because everythings a great deal. Shes like, Jimmy, you should buy this. You should buy– this is a good deal. This is a good deal. Im like Mom, thats a double XL shirt, OK? And it says Obey on it. Im not gonna fucking wear that. And shes like, its OK, 50% off. Some day itll fit, OK? If you want a good deal, you follow the old Asian people, right? You go to Costco, you see a sea of old Asian people, because you know everyones getting a great deal. Nobodys getting ripped off. You go to Whole Foods, never seen one old Asian motherfucker in my life. [APPLAUSE] We dont believe in that shit. Look, theres nothing wrong with Whole Foods. Matter of fact, its too nice. And Asian people, we dont like to pay for atmosphere. Have you guys been to a Chinese grocery store? Its a fucking zoo. You walk in there, theres just a frog jumping from one aisle to the other. Theres a piece of fish still flopping around on the floor. Half the place place is an aquarium. I dont know why you ever pay for kids to go to SeaWorld when you just take them to the Ranch 99 for free. [APPLAUSE] Thats a good deal. Thats a great deal. Asian people, we dont buy organic shit. We dont believe in organic labeling. We better still see it swimming or still walking. Thats organic to us. Thats the only way we know. All my friends in LA, all my hipster friends, theyre like, Jimmy, you gotta eat organic, man. This regular stuff you eat, they have growth hormones in them. Its gonna fucking kill you. Im like, really, growth hormones? Wait a minute. Youre trying to tell me Ive been eating growth hormones all my life, and Im still 5' 5" and I shop at Gap Kids? Get the fuck out of here. Ill pay extra for growth hormones. Get me to the GMO only section, you know? All this organic stuff in America is getting out of control. Its not just organic food. You got like organic bed sheets, organic hand soap. I dont know about you guys, but growing up in my very Chinese family, hand soap wasnt even a thing. Hand soap used to be that piece of crap leftover soap that my dads been washing his balls with for two months. And he just puts it on the soap counter. You walk by, you rub your two fingers on it for good luck. That was– that was hand soap. Nobody got sick. It was fine. Once in a while, you got a piece of pubes. So what? You deal with it. Now hand soap is so fancy, its got its own aisle at the grocery stores. Because its not about washing your hands anymore. Its a status symbol. We go to our friends house and judge how well theyre doing but what kind of hand soap you got. Weve all done this. You go to your friends house, hes got that green bar soap that says Zest on it. That guys a fucking peasant. Dont associate yourself with that kind of animal. Hes gonna ask you for money, you know what I mean? And then next level up, you got like the $2 bottle of Softsoap with the fish or the watermelon on it, you know? I like that family. Thats the backbone of America. Its the middle class Honda Civics of soaps. [APPLAUSE] Hardworking, American family, man, I appreciate that. And then next level up, you got a soap thats so fancy it doesnt even dispense soap. It dispenses foam, which is just soap filled with air for an extra $6 a fucking bottle. Because as an American society, we decided were way too good to rub our own two hands together to create our own foam, and rather outsource that foaming action to some poor Chinese kid in Gwangju, China to pre-foam it for us. Make America foam again, people, OK. [APPLAUSE] Thank you. My mom eventually caved in and she bought the $2 bottle of Softsoap with the fish on it. But shes so Chinese, shes been watering it down for six years now. And now its just a bottle water with a fish on it. It doesnt do shit. Because its a good deal. I know I make fun of my parents, but at the end of they day, I love them very much. I think we all do, right? But Asian people, we dont ever say I love you to each other. Thats just not our thing. One time, I got high and I called my mom. I was like, Mom, I just– I just want to tell you, Mom, I love you. And you can hear her start, like, crying on the other side of the line. She was like, oh, Jimmy, do you have cancer? We just got different ways of showing love. Like when I see my grandmother, I dont give her a hug. I just give her a solid handshake. Were not about that hugging. And Asian grandmas, theyre the best. You give her a handshake, shes like a vending machine. You give her a handshake, out comes a red envelope. [APPLAUSE] And you gotta pretend you dont want that shit. Youre like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, please, please. OK, thank you. [APPLAUSE] Thats just how we show love. My dad still calls me like 20 times a day just to check up on me. Its annoying, but I understand thats how he shows love. I was talking to my friend here, and he was like, oh, I havent talked to my dad in three weeks. Im like, what, is he in jail? He was like, no, I live with him. I just havent talked to him in three weeks. Im like, you do understand, if I dont call my dad back in three hours, hes going to call 911. 911, whats your emergency? My son is dead! Its like, sir, is everything OK? Is your son dead? Hes like, no, but hes dead to me. OK, bye. [APPLAUSE] Thats just how we love. My parents, theyve been married for 38 years. Yeah, 38 years. Its beautiful, man. Its beautiful, 38 years. One time I asked my dad, I was like, Dad, after 38 years, do you still love Mom? And he was like, (LAUGHING) love? Your mom married me to escape communist China. Its not love. Its a good deal. [APPLAUSE] Thats how we show love, people. [SIGHS] Ive been in this country for almost 20 years now. I think I feel every bit American. But I think other people still dont see that. As an Asian-American, a lot of times, people see you as Asian before they ever see you as American. Even still till today, whenever I tell people Im from Hong Kong, this is always the first thing they say. Theyre like, oh, yeah, you from Hong Kong? Yeah, yeah, dude, from Hong Kong, yeah? Ni Hao. Im always like– Like, do think thats impressive or something? I dont understand the mindset behind that. You coming up to me to say, ni hao, its like me coming to you guys after the show, Im like, oh, you guys from here? Yeah, yall from here? Hi. Its not impressive. Its annoying. Its stupid. I dont even like going to Chinese restaurants with some of my friends anymore. Because this is what they do to me every time. Theyre like, Jimmy, do you speak Chinese? Do you speak Chinese? Yeah, yeah, order Chinese, bro. Theyre gonna hook it up. Order in Chinese. Bro, bro, order in Chinese, bro. Im like, bro, were at Panda Express. [APPLAUSE] Shes Mexican. Like, what–? Her name tag says Consuela. Thats not Mandarin or Cantonese. Nothing has really changed, you know? Like about 10 years ago, I went on a college trip to Tijuana, Mexico. Because thats just what a good American college student would do. And the thing is, walking into Mexico from the US, they dont check anything. Theyre just a big revolving door. You walk right in. They dont even check your ID. Its easier to get into Mexico than a Costco. You just walk in. And thats it. But coming back was a totally different story. Coming back from Mexico to the US, theres no more revolving doors. Now its a concrete windowless tunnel with guards with M-16 machine guns. And I was super nervous, being an immigrant and all. And my college buddy, Ian, next to me, he was like, Jimmy, dont worry, man. Just tell him that youre American. They let you right through. Im like, easy for you to say, Ian. Ian walks up, he gets through, no problem. I walk up, the first thing they ask me, theyre like, sir, are you an American citizen? I was like, yes. But I forgot one very minor detail– that I wasnt. I was still an immigrant on a green card, and I wasnt a full-on citizen yet. Next thing you know, I was detained in this 10 by 10 box, and they started interrogating me. Theyre like, sir, why did you lie about your American citizenship? I was like, Im so sorry. Im drunk and I really wasnt trying to lie. My friend in front of me told me to tell you I was American, so thats just what I did. It was a knee-jerk reaction. He was like, well, was he American? I was like, well, his name is Ian, so probably. And then the officer was like, sir, you do understand this is a very serious offense. We could deport you for this. I was like, deport me? I didnt even know that was an option. What was I going to do back in Hong Kong, restart my ping pong career? That ship has sailed, man. So I was like, sir, please, please, dont deport me. Im just a drunk, stupid college. Im every bit American. I can recite you every single Jay-Z lyric if you want me to. Im in three fantasy football leagues. If thats not American, I dont know what is. And I got very lucky. This is what he said. He was like, look, kid, you got lucky. Were not gonna deport you today, OK? But just dont ever do that again, or well send you back to where you came from. And this motherfucker was Asian. I was like, where I came from? We came from the same place, dog? I think I saw you at my uncles wedding two years ago. Why you gonna throw me under the bus? That guy definitely watched The Great Wall many times. But that was a very sobering experience. I had been in the country for 10 years at that point, but I still wasnt American. Nothing has changed. I finally got my citizenship three years ago. And its– [CHEERING] You dont have to clap. My point is, nothing has changed. Still Asian. Just because I got a new passport, nobody in any part of the world is gonna come up to me and be like, hey, look, theres an American! Holy shit, look at him. He looks just like Rocky Balboa. Oh, my god. No, no, no. The first day I got my passport, I was feeling real patriotic. So I went to my local Hooters. Yeah, I was drinking a Coors Light. I was watching a World Cup. It was USA versus Mexico. And I was like, man, Im cheering for Team USA. Im American, finally! And this old Mexican dude came up to me. He couldnt really speak English, and this is what he said. He was like, amigo! Amigo, Mexico, Korea, tomorrow, huh? And Im like, what the fuck are you talking about? What, are you trying to start World War 3 or something? Im not a Korean. He managed to insult me with the only three English words he knew. So I really felt the need to explain myself. I was like, sir, Im not– Im not Korean. Im Chinese. And he looked back to his friends, he was like, oh, [SPEAKING SPANISH], huh? And Im like, sir, you do know that I can understand what that means, OK? I have Mexican friends back home just like you. He was like, no, Im not Mexican. Im El Salvador. And Im like, oh, great, now Im the fucking racist! [APPLAUSE] Nothing has changed. The first time I used my American passport, I was feeling real good. I was going to Winnipeg, Canada to do some shows. Have you guys even been to Winnipeg? [CHEERING] Oh, you, really? Are you guys from Winnipeg? No, just general Canadian pride, I appreciate that. I dont think anybody in their right mind would go to Winnipeg. Not that– theres nothing wrong with that city. Its way too cold and its just not that fun. I had to go there for some work, so whatever. But I felt good. I walked through the border. I was holding my blue passport, and I slammed it down in front of the Canadian border patrol. Im like, Im American, sir. And hes like, OK. I didnt ask you that, but OK. Are you here for business or pleasure? And I was like, shit, I didnt think that far. I was obviously there for business, but I didnt get a business visa. So I looked him in the eyes. I was like, sir, Im here for pleasure. And he looked right back at me. He was like, are you sure? Because nobody comes to Winnipeg for pleasure. The next thing you know, I was detained in this 10 by 10 box. Nothing has changed. [APPLAUSE] I was hanging out with Julian not too long ago, 1/3 of The Yellow Panthers. We were just in LA on Melrose getting some brunch. And thats how you know two minorities had made it– avocado toasts. Were just chilling, minding our own business, right? And this old man came up to us, old guy. Hes wearing a hat that said, Vietnam and Korea War vet. I was like, damn, this guy really hates Asian people. Like, he survived us twice. I better be careful. But he was actually a really nice guy. He was a really nice guy, complete stranger. And he came up to me and Julian. He was like, guys, what you guys are doing right now, its exactly the Civil Rights that I fought for in the 60s. Keep it up. And he just walked away. I was like, what the fuck? I didnt know there was a Civil Rights march for avocado toast. I was unaware. And Julian was like, no, no, no, no, no, hes trying to say that he fought for the right for an Asian man and a black man to hang out in public with no judgment. Thats beautiful, right? I was like, no, he didnt. Jackie Chan fought for that shit in Rush Hour 1, 2, and 3, OK? [APPLAUSE] Because representation matters. Thats how we do change. I just want to see more Asian people out there doing their thing. Dont listen to your Asian parents. Go pursue your dreams, you know what I mean? Go do your thing, man. I just want to see more Asian brothers and sisters on TV. Like look, theres nothing more American than NFL Sunday, than football Sunday. But you dont ever see one Asian person. You dont see one Asian person in the NFL. I mean, we got that kicker, Younghoe Koo, you know? But he gets cut every two weeks. So that doesnt– I cant go buy a new Younghoe Koo jersey every two weeks, you know what I mean? But what frustrates me, its even in the commercials. Even in all the football commercials, you never see one Asian person. Like all these great beer commercials, you got everyone. You got like, even like dumb commercials with, like, a white guy climbing a Rocky Mountain for Coors Light. Its not even a good commercial. They dont even sell you on how good the beer is. They sell you on how cold it is. Its like brewed cold, packaged cold, shipped cold. Im like, isnt it ultimately up to my own refrigeration, sir? Latinos got great representation, the Dos Equis Most Interesting Man in the World. That lasted like 15 years, one of the greatest commercials of all time. So I wrote own version of it. Its called The Most Asian Man in the World. You got an Asian actor on screen, an announcer in the back, and the music starts playing. [MUSIC PLAYING] He graduated with a law degree, but now hes a neurosurgeon. Hes 52 years old, but everyone still checks his ID. Whenever he takes a picture, he throws up the victory sign. You guys every realize, the closer the victory sign is to you face, the more Asian you look? Like, this is normal. This is some Mainland China WeChat shit, you know what I mean? [APPLAUSE] That is some– [MUSIC PLAYING] He is the most Asian man in the world. And the Asian brother comes out. (CHINESE ACCENT) I dont always drink beer. But when I do, my face turn red. Stay thirsty, my friends. Thank you guys very much. [CHEERING] You guys are amazing. Thank you. [MUSIC – METER MOBB FT TOO $HORT, YOU CAME TO PARTY] (SINGING) Lets get wild tonight. ? Turn the fuck up Were going out tonight ? ? Ive been waiting all my life ? ? Every time I go out, I think I found my wife ? ? I cant help but turn down the lights ? ? Im gonna take some down tonight ? ? This shit is so hot ? ? Thats what its sounding like, like you want ? ? to fuck around tonight, bitch ? ? I want you in every way ? ? The passion burns and it goes both ways ? ? When were not together, Im in pain ? ? The mightiest ocean couldnt put out this flame ? ? I think shes coming with me ? ? You wanna say bye but she leaves ? ? Wanna say bye but she leaves ? ? Tears drop like autumn leaves, tear drops, tear drops ? ? You better make time to breathe, yeah ? 

JERRY SEINFELD@23 HOURS TO KILL@2020@[In the first scene of the special we see Seinfield arriving at New Yorks Beacon Theater after taking on a secret-agent persona and jumping out of a helicopter into the Hudson River] Helicopter Pilot: Mr. Seinfeld, you have a show tonight, dont ya? Jerry Seinfeld: Yes, I do. Pilot: Theyre telling me theres too much traffic to land right now. Seinfeld: Oh. Pilot: What do you want me to do? Seinfeld: No problem. You can let me out anywhere along here. Thank you! Thank you very much! Oh, my God. What a moment. What a feeling. What an accomplishment this is… on your part. What you just went through… going out, dealing with… natural obstacles of life. Difficult people, arranging, planning. Annoying friends, many of whom youre sitting with right now… …who, for some reason, required unnecessarily complicated back-and-forth, communicating about Whos going? When do we leave? and How do we get there? Why dont you pick me up? Why dont I pick you up? Its on the way. Its the opposite direction. My car. Your car. One car. Two cars. When are we gonna eat? Did you eat? I didnt eat. Are you gonna eat? Im starving. Im stuffed. Ive been eating Jolly Ranchers all day. I need something solid. What about the tickets? Whos got the tickets? Do you have the tickets? How many times did you hear the word tickets today? Dont forget the tickets. You have the tickets? Yeah, I got the tickets! Did you get their tickets? I didnt get tickets for them. They gotta get their own tickets! They didnt pay me from the last time I got em tickets. Why are your friends so annoying? The people you have chosen to be with in life. It makes no sense. Youd get rid of all of em in a second… if it wasnt even a bigger pain in the ass to find new people, learn about their annoying problems that they never do anything about… …change the names and numbers in your phone, delete the old contacts. Ah, the hell with it. Ill ride it out with these idiots. Its the same meals, holidays, and movies anyway. Whats the difference who Im with? Just wanna be out. This is out. People talk about goin out. We should go out. Lets go out. We never go out. Well… this is it. Now, the good thing about being out is you dont have to be out for long. Just long enough to get the next feeling, which youre all gonna get. And that feeling is, I gotta be gettin back. After all the work you put into getting your ass where it is right now… youre only halfway through this nightmare at this point. Wherever you are, really, anywhere in life, at some point, you gotta get the hell outta there. Youre at work; you wanna get home. Youre at home. Im working all week. I gotta get out. Youre out, and its late. I gotta get back. I gotta get up. I gotta get to the airport. When are we getting on the plane? Plane takes off. Whens the plane gonna land? Plane lands. Why dont they open the door so we can get out? Nobody wants to be anywhere. Nobody likes anything. Were cranky, were irritable, and were dealing with it by constantly changing locations. And so… we come up with things like this, what were doing right now. This is a made-up, bogus, hyped-up, not-necessary special event. Thats what this is. That a lot of people worked very hard to put together so that we could all just kill some time. Thats why Im here. I had nothing to do either, by the way. I can tell you that. You know me. You and I… Come on, you and I know each other on a certain level… electronic, though it may be… for many, many years, at this point. Were going through life together. A beautiful thing. You know what Ive done. You know what Ive made. You know how I live. You know for a fact… I could be anywhere in the world right now! Now, you be honest. If you were me, would you be up here, hacking out another one of these? Maybe… or maybe not. Nonetheless, I am thrilled to be here. I love it here. This could be my favorite spot in the entire world, right here, right now. Could be. [Woman] We love you! Thank you, sweetheart. I love you too. This is, in fact, my favorite type of intimate relationship. I love you, you love me, and we will never meet. Yeah, Jerry! Its all things we do to convince ourselves our lives dont suck. Thats another thing this is. Youll be going tomorrow, My life doesnt suck. I saw a comedian who had a show in the 90s last night at the Beacon Theatre on Broadway, in New York City. Even though your life does pretty much suck. And I know that because I know that everyones life sucks. Your life sucks. My life sucks, too. Perhaps not quite as much. But still, in the vast suckness… of human life, everyones life sucks. Its okay. Never feel bad that your life sucks. The greatest lesson you can learn in life: Sucks and great are pretty close. Theyre not that different. We live here in New York. Over here, Im so sick of hearing about great restaurants. Jerry, we went to a great restaurant last night. It was great. You would love it. He would love it. Wouldnt he love it? You would love it. You. You know how your friends single you out? You. Wouldnt he? He would love that place. Did you like it? I didnt care for it myself, but you… I dont like the great restaurants. I dont like great anything. Im looking for not bad. Hows that food? Its not bad. That sounds great. Lets go over there and get this over with. Wanna hear the specials? No. If theyre so special, put em on the menu. Im not interested in food thats auditioning to get on the team. I dont know what the hell youre talkin about. Were gonna pan-sear it. Were gonna herb-crust it. Were gonna drizzle it with something thats a reduction of somethin else. Stop drizzling. We cant take the drizzling anymore! Its too much drizzling! Maybe if you didnt reduce it so much, you wouldnt have to drizzle it! The meal takes two and a half hours. Your ass is hurtin by the end of it. Its not half as good as a bowl of Lucky Charms and Pepsi anyway. Check always comes in that book, the little story of the bill. Yeah, heres the story. Once upon a time, you got rib. Thats the story. Youre on the street afterwards with your friends, I-I didnt think that was… Was that great? Everyone says great. Yeah, I didnt think it was that great. What did you think? It sucked, right? That place sucks. A lot of great places just suck! Then you go to a baseball game. You have a hot dog. The hot dog is cold. The bun is not toasted. The vendor is an ex-con in a work-release program. You love that hot dog every time. Does it… Does it suck? Yes. Is it great? Yes. Thats how close they are! Sucks and great are the only two ratings people even give to anything anymore. Hey, lets go see that new movie. I heard its great. Really? I heard it sucked. How could it suck? Its supposed to be great. I heard the beginning is great, and then after that, it sucks. Oh, that sucks. I know. It coulda been great. I say that sucks and great are the exact same thing. You have an ice cream cone. Walking down the street, the ice cream falls off the top of the cone, hits the pavement. Sucks. What do you say? Great. Food‘s a good subject. Lets talk a little bit more about this. ‘Cause we were in Vegas a couple months ago. And everybody goes, Jerry, you gotta go to the buffet. They got the buffet. Oh, come on. You can get whatever you want at the buffet. What is the idea of the buffet? Well, things are bad. How could we make it worse? Why dont we put people that are already struggling with portion control… …into some kind of debauched, Caligula food orgy of unlimited human consumption? Lets make the entrance a chocolate-syrup water park slide. The buffet is like taking your dog to Petco and letting your dog do the shopping. You give him your wallet in the parking lot and go, Why dont you go in, get whatever you think… is the right amount of dog food for you? Use your dog judgment. Im gonna wait in the car. Leave the window open a crack so I can breathe. People do not do well in an unsupervised eating environment. Nobody would walk into a restaurant and say, Ill have a yogurt parfait, sparerib, meat pie, crab leg, four cookies, and an egg-white omelet. People are building death-row last meal wish lists on these plates. Its like a perfect working model of all their emotional problems and personal difficulties. They just walk around. They just kinda hold it out. This is what Im dealing with. Its a salad with a scoop of ice cream on it. Ive got some unresolved issues Im trying to work out here at the buffet. Start accosting strangers. Excuse me. Where did you get that? What is that? I didnt even see that. What is that? Is that a caramelized chicken leg? I gotta try that. Give me yours. You know where they are. You can get more. Come on! Lets… Please. Please. Please stay with the group as much as you can. Were gonna be going through a lot of exhibits. I dont want any stragglers. But when I was a kid, the biggest food thing that happened to me… When they invented the Pop-Tart, the back of my head blew right off. We couldnt comprehend the Pop-Tart! It was too advanced! We saw it in the supermarket. It was like an alien spaceship. We were just chimps in the dirt, playing with sticks. Just… …grunting, pointing. Pop-Tart is here. Think back to when the Pop-Tart came out. It was the 60s. We had toast! We had orange juice, frozen decades in advance. You had to hack away at it with a knife! It was like a murder to get a couple of drops of liquidity in the morning. We had shredded wheat. It was like wrapping your lips around a woodchipper. Youd have breakfast, you had to take two days off for the scars to heal so you could speak. My mom made Cream of Wheat. She didnt get the recipe. Mom, the amount of water in this dish is critical. Youre making it too thick! I cant even move my little-kid spoon in the bowl! Im seven. I feel like Im rowing in the hull of a Greek slave ship. That was breakfast? And in the midst of that dark and hopeless moment, the Kelloggs Pop-Tarts suddenly appeared out of Battle Creek, Michigan, which, as you cereal fans know, is the corporate headquarters of Kelloggs and a town I have always wanted to visit… because it seems like a cereal Silicon Valley… of breakfast super scientists… conceiving of the frosted, fruit-filled, heatable rectangles in the same shape as the box it comes in… and with the same nutrition as the box it comes in, too. That was the hard part. I dont know how long it took to invent, but they mustve come out of that lab like Moses with the two tablets of the Ten Commandments. The Pop-Tart is here! Two in the packet! Two slots in a toaster! Lets see ya screw this up! Why two? Ones not enough. Threes too many. And they cant go stale, cause they werent ever fresh. What else is annoying in the world, besides everything? What about your device dictatorship that you live under, cowering in fear from your phone? My phone! Wheres my phone? I cant find my phone. Its… Oh, here it is. I got it. Its here. Its here. My phone is here. I didnt… I moved it from this pocket to this pocket. I didnt know where it was for a second. Im okay. That was really close. Phew. You are so hypno-phonified at this point, you hand your phone to somebody to show them something. After two seconds, you go, All right. Okay, give me it back. Give it back. You saw it. That… thats it. Give it back. I am completely off-the-grid right now. When that battery gets low… you feel like your whole bodys runnin out of power, dont you? I just… I-I feel tired when the phone battery gets down to ten or five. I cant even walk. You guys go ahead without me. I gotta get to a charger. A call comes in. Listen, I dont know how much time I have left out here. I wish I could take back some of the things Ive said. If I go dead on the street, tell everyone I know Ill talk to them tomorrow. Well, I gotta stay in touch with people, Jerry. Thats why the phones so important to me. People are pretty important, you know. Really? They dont seem very important, the way you scroll through their names on your contact list like a gay French king. Who pleases me today? Who shall I favor? Who shall I delete? We are not separating from the phone. Its a part of us. Now, who are you with no phone? What access to information do you have? What you can remember. Whatll you do without your pictures? Are you gonna describe what you saw? That doesnt work for us. We dont wanna talk to anybody that doesnt have a phone. Thats why its called an iPhone. Its half myself, half phone. Thats a complete individual. I dont even know what the purpose of people is anymore. I think the only reason people still exist is phones need pockets to ride around in. I used to think Uber was on my phone so I could get around. Then I started thinking maybe they put Uber on the phone because that makes me take the phone, cause the phone is using me to get around. Whos really the Uber in this big prostitution ring? Im the little bitch carrying the phone. The cars are the hos, picking up strangers off the street all night. And the phones the big pimp of the whole thing, telling the drivers, You just get who I tell ya to get. Ill handle the money. We call it a phone. We dont even use it as a phone. Nobodys talkin on the phone. Once they gave you the option, you could talk or type, talkin ended that day. Its over. Talking is obsolete. Its antiquated. I feel like a blacksmith up here sometimes, to tell you the truth. I could text you this whole thing. We can get the hell outta here right now. Why would I wanna get information from a face when I could get it from a nice, clean screen? Dont you feel uncomfortable now? Faces come up to you, Well, Ill tell you what I think about what you ought to do. Their lips and their teeth and their gums and their… Theres a missed shaving spot, theres a piece of crust, some goo. You see a little lunch remnant in their teeth. Just send me an e-mail about this, would ya? I cant do it anymore. Your face is the worst news Ive had all day. We wanna text, text, just text! We like that word, dont we? Text! Its fun to say. Its got that… short, tight, got the x in there, a little bite to it. Text it! Text! Dont… I dont… I dont know where it is. Dont tell me! Text it. Dont tell me! Remember when we first got text? Not really. Cant really remember that. I-I cant either. I mean, I know that we have it. I know we didnt use to have it. I dont know how we got it. I dont remember… Did they tell us we were getting it? There was… Was there an announcement that we were getting it? There was no commercial. I dont remember a commercial. Want some human contact but kind of had it up to here with people? Try text. Need to get someone some information but dont want to hear their stupid voice responding to it? You need to be on text. We like it. Its fast. Its efficient. Not fast enough, apparently, for some people. Now, instead of OK, a lot of people text me just the K, leavin the O off. What… what microfraction of a second did you save? You think youre efficient? What does that add up to, like two free minutes at the end of your day that you can watch a YouTube video of skateboarders banging their nuts off a railing? Somebody texted me TY the other day instead of thank you. Id like to bang your nuts off a railing, TY. Thats not a thank-you. Were so anxious to get the next text, they give you those three little ghosty dots to tell ya its coming. Oh, were cooking up a good one for you. Wait till ya see this. You are not gonna believe what this guys about to say. I cant show it to you yet. Were still working on it in the text machine, but its gonna be a beauty. You can see the pistons pumping. Sometimes, we get the ghosty dots, and then no text. What happened there? I wanna know what that was. Is that like somebody coming up to you and going… Ah, uh, never mind. The phones keep getting smarter. Why dont we? Why are people on voice mail still telling me to wait for the beep? Its the 21st goddamn century. I think were all up to speed on the beep. The Maasai tribesmen of the African plain know about the beep. They dont leave a message till they hear: Ma-ma-lay, ma-ma-lay. Beep! Why are people still telling me to leave my name and number on voice mail? Are these necessary instructions for anyone? Anyone getting messages like, This is a woman. Goodbye? Or: Hes dead. Call me back. Who was that? What about the, uh, camera in the phone? I always wonder if they… Before they do those kinds of things, do they stand around and go, Hey, are you sure this is a good idea? You dont think this one feature, all by itself, could result in so many pictures, videos, posting, comments, and clapbacks that the entire life force of the human race just drains out like a puddle of piss by the side of the road? You dont think that could happen from this one thing? No. Nor do I think every restaurant dinner will end with a picture bully going, ‘Okay, everyone. Picture. Come on. We gotta have a picture.' Why? We didnt have a good time. I dont wanna remember this. And lets make sure we get the least phone-fluent person in the area to take the picture. Someone old, nervous, clumsy, confused, or dim-witted. Someone that cant hold things, see things, aim things, press things. Someone who, the second theyre handed the phone, it slips off camera mode, and they cant get it back. I dont know. Is anyone… I dont, uh… Does anyone know how to… Lets get that person so we can be standing here even longer with fake, frozen smiles and our arm around somebody you would never touch in any other social situation. Were picture-addicted. Theres no way to stop it. Sometimes, I wanna go back to the flip phone. One of those ones I see on TV. They have these phones for old people with the… with the giant buttons like floor tiles. You ever see that commercial? These old people phones, two buttons: your kid, ambulance. Thats it. Forget the numbers. You dont need the numbers. Why dont we update some of these terms that we use in the tech world, like e-mail? Why is the world mail even in e-mail? Is there any similarity between e-mail and whatever the hell is going on in the Postal Service? One of them operates on a digital, fiber-optic, hyper-speed network. The other is this dazed and confused, distant branch of the Cub Scouts out there, just… …bumbling around the streets in embarrassing shorts and jackets with meaningless patches and victory medals. Driving four miles an hour, 20 feet at a time, on the wrong side of a mentally handicapped Jeep. They always have this emotional, financial meltdown every three and half years that their business model from 1630 isnt working anymore. How are we going to catch up? I cannot understand how a 21st-century information system based on licking, walking, and a random number of pennies… is struggling to compete. They always push the postmaster general out on TV to explain their difficulties. Hes all freaked out, rings under his eyes, no shave, pullin all-nighters. We cant keep it up much longer. Looks like were gonna have to go up another penny on the stamps! Were sittin at home, No, dude, relax. We dont even know how much a stamp is anyway. Forty-eight, 53, 61… Make it a buck, youre gonna get there. If it ends up you got some money left over, buy yourself some pants and a real car. I would say to the Postal Service, If you actually wanted to be helpful to us, just open the letters, read em, and e-mail us what it says! Well give you a penny for each one you do… …since that seems to be a lot of money in your world. But we are all human. Human. The human is a social species, as we can see. We tend to congregate, aggregate, and coagulate together. We live here in New York City. That makes no sense. If you take a plane out of New York, and you look down at the city, what do you see around the city? Why, theres nothing but empty, open, beautiful, rolling land out there. Nobodys there! Lets pack in here, tight! Uncomfortable, on top of each other, traffic, congestion! Thats what we like! Human beings like to be close together because it makes it easier for us to judge and criticize… …the personalities and activities of these humans. We like to give our thoughts, our comments, our opinions. Sometimes, we run out of opinions. We make them up. It is what it is is a very popular opinion statement nowadays. Im sure some idiot said it to you today. You cant get through a day without somebody going, Well, it is what it is. Why are you alive? To just say air words that fill the room with meaningless sounds? Id rather someone blew clear air into my face than said, It is what it is to me one more time. Just… just come up to me and go… ‘Cause I get the same data from that! People like to say those things. It is what it is. You see, if you repeat a word twice in a sentence, you can say that with a lot of confidence. Business is business. Rules are rules. Deals a deal. When we go in there, as long as we know whats what and whos who, whatever happens, happens, and it is what it is. Jerry! We also like to say things to make ourselves feel better. Well, at least he died doin something that he loved. Yeah, well, okay… but hes not doin that anymore. Also, not sure how in love with it he would still be… after the very negative outcome. Id like to die doin somethin that I hate like cleaning a row of outdoor Porta Pottis. Clutch my chest, drop the brush, keel over, and go, Fantastic. At least Im done with that. And when one does have occasion to avail oneself of one of these portable, plastic, outdoor public toilets, thats a very different place than any other place you go in life, and youre a little different, too, when you come out. A little shook up, like a combat veteran or somebody that works at a trauma center. You all right? Yeah, no, Im fine. I just need some time. Ill be all right. Im gonna take a walk. I need to think… about my life. It just doesnt feel like its goin in the direction I wanted it to go. And by the way, never marry anyone that comes out of one of these bathrooms and goes, Its not that bad in there. Do not marry that person. You have a lot of fantastic qualities. You will eventually meet someone. Do not settle for an individual of this caliber. Because its very easy to use these bathrooms. I always find the spring tension on the door to be a little lighter than I thought it was gonna be. The door opens so easily, so welcoming. Come on in. We have something for you. A place to relieve yourself in exchange for a mental image picture that will cause you to twitch in your sleep every night for a year and a half… with PTSD: Portable Toilet Spring Door. I dont even know how theyre allowed to call it a bathroom. Its not a bath… Youre… youre crapping in a hole with a box over it. Its beastly! Its hyena living! You wanna do that thing your dog does after going to the bathroom in the grass. You know that little move they make? You wanna do that after youve used one of these things. Why you doin that? Im tryin to get the last few minutes outta my mind. Thats all. Youre such a great audience. This is really fun. Thank you so much for bein here. Hey, Jerry! Dude. All right. Lets change gears at this point in our lovely time together here. So, those are things that I see in the outside world. Now, I wanna take you into Jerrys little world… and give you a little perspective on whats going on in my personal life. First, I will give you the basic numbers. Everybody likes the numbers. Im 65 years old. I apologize for the shock value… …of that number. I am married for 19 years. I have three kids. My oldest is my daughter. I have two younger boys. I love being in my sixties. Its my favorite decade of human life so far. When youre in your sixties, people ask you to do somethin, you just say no. No reason, no excuse, no explanation. I cant wait for my seventies. I dont even think Ill answer. Ive seen those people. You just wave when youre in your seventies. Hey, you wanna check out that flea market? I like this time. Its relaxing. I dont wanna grow. I dont wanna change. I dont want to improve in anything. I dont want to expand my interests, meet anyone, or learn anything I dont already know. I dont lie in restaurants anymore. How is everything? I dont like it here. Want the check? No, I intend to press charges. This is outrageous. I dont like to turn around. Like, if Im walkin down the street like this… Jerry, check this out. You gotta see this. This move. I dont… I dont like doing this thing anymore. I just dont wanna do it. You gotta see this. I disagree. I dont feel old, I dont feel tired; Ive just seen a lot of things. Ill see it on the way back, when its in front of me. How bout that? Or I wont see it. Or Ill Google it. Or Ill just assume its probably a lot like something else Ive already seen. A lot of people around my age make a bucket list. I made a bucket list, and I turned the b to an f, and I was done with that, too. I just want you to have that option. You can either check off all your items… or change one letter at the top, youre in a La-Z-Boy, watchin a ball game. I got married late in life. I was 45. I had some issues. I was enjoying those issues quite a bit, as I recall. When I was single, I had married friends. I would not visit their homes. I found their lives to be pathetic and depressing. Now that Im married, I have no single friends. I find their lives to be meaningless and trivial experiences. In both cases, I believe I was correct. Whichever side of marriage youre on, you dont get what the other people are doing. I cant hang out with single guys. You dont have a wife, we have nothing to talk about. You have a girlfriend? Thats Wiffle ball, my friend. Youre playing paintball war; Im in Afghanistan with real, loaded weapons. Married guys play with full clips and live rounds. This is not a drill. Single guys sitting on a merry-go-round, blowin on a pinwheel! Im drivin a truck full of nitro down a dirt road. You single guys here tonight, looking at me, Hey, Jerry, what if I wanna be a married guy like you? What do I gotta have if I wanna be a married guy? Ill tell you. You better have some answers, buddy. You better have some answers for that woman. Women have a lot of questions. Their brains are strong, active, and on high alert at all times. Youre sleeping. Shes researching. The female brain is cookin all the time! The female brain is one of the most competent and capable organs in all of the biological universe. Girl power. Youre goddamn right. Theres nothing the female brain cannot do. It will solve all problems of earth and… life. Having completed that, it will move on to the hypothetical. Theoretical situations… that may or may not occur. The female needs to know how you might respond. If you faked your own death, and I found out about it, what would you say then? What are we talkin about now? Oh, I dreamt the whole thing last night, so dont deny it. Being married is like being on a game show, and youre always in the lightning round. I went out and bought a game-show podium. I set it up in my living room. I wake up in the morning, and I stand behind the podium, tryin to answer all my wifes questions and get on with the goddamn day. I got a hand button-clicker. Ill take ‘Movies I Think We Saw Together for 200. My wife, of course, is the returning champion from last week. Ill take ‘Details of a Ten-Minute Conversation We Had at Three OClock in the Morning Eight Years Ago. And I would like to bet everything I have on that, Alex. Im going for the win right here. The husband, of course, never has a clue. Im sorry, sir. You did not win the weekend sex package… …or the guilt-free televised sporting event. Thank you for playing. Are you even listening to me? And dont forget to take that big bag of garbage with you on your way out… of the studio. One of the things I did not know before I got married that I found out after I got married is that every single day of my married life, I would be discussing the tone of my voice. I was not aware, as a single man, that I so often speak in the incorrect tone. I thought it was a marriage. Apparently, its a musical. I walk around the house with one of those round, black glee-club things. How bout that one? Am I gettin closer? Its your tone. My tone? Yes, your tone. Whats wrong with my tone? I dont like your tone. What do you want me to…? You better change your tone! Ever heard that? And women are correct, as they always are. The male tone changes over the course of the relationship. In the beginning, as the male pursues the female, in the courting or flirting phase, we speak two octaves higher. We raise our voice two octaves. We talk like this in the beginning. Because Chinese food or Italian sounds great. Maybe well take a drive or go for a walk. My actual speaking voice that I am using right now to communicate with you is not welcome in my house. Thats why Im out here talkin to you. Do you think that I talk like this… in my house, with this authority? The little edge in my voice? You think I speak like that in my house? I do not. If I walked into my own house, which I paid for, by the way. Not relevant, just wanted to mention it. If I said, like this… If I said, I gotta get somethin to eat! If I said it like that… First of all, any guy I know would say, Eat whatever the hell you want. I dont care what you eat. Any woman will say, Why are you yelling at me? Im not yelling! Im just hungry! And then the fight breaks out, and when the fight breaks out, now youre white-water kayaking. You got a plastic helmet on. Youre goin under. Youre poppin up. Just keep paddling. Thats when the womans tone of voice changes. Yes, the women are included in this, too. All women, at some point in every argument with the man, like to imitate the voice of the man. In the amazing organizational system that women have, they have all somehow worked out to do the same impression. You always say, ‘Oh no, I cant do things like that. Thats not what I said I was gonna do. You said, ‘I might go. You said, ‘Definitely go. ‘Oh, I dont think… I dont think that Id feel comfortable. You go, ‘Oh, with your friends. Were goin with your friends. Its not like my friends. With my friends, you say, ‘Oh, I dont think that I could…' Who the hell is this guy? Where did you see this guy? I never heard anyone talk like this. Thats because you dont hear yourself. You should hear how you sound. You go, ‘Oh, I dont think… You know.' It reminds me of that Lollipop Guild guy: ? Oh, we represent the Lollipop Guild ? Its all about listening. Want some marriage advice? Ya better listen up! A lot of wives complain that their husbands do not listen. I have never heard my wife say this. She may have. I dont know, but… heres what I do know. Ladies, your husband wants to make you happy. Hes workin on it! Hes planning it. Hes thinking about it every second. He cannot do it. He cannot do it. He does not know how to do it. Sometimes, we do it. We dont know how we did it. We cant ask, What did I do? That looks like you dont know what youre doing. Cant do nothing. Woman says, I cant believe youre doing this. Man says, Doing what? Woman starts crying. Man says, I didnt do anything. Woman says, Exactly. So, its a bit of a chess game, isnt it? Except, the board is flowing water… and all the chess pieces are made of smoke. And youre not alone. Dont ever forget that in marriage. Society, culture, technology, even, is helping you on your journey of marriage. In your car, for example, dual-zone, separate buttons, on each side, climate control systems. Gee, I wonder if it was a married person that thought of that… and thought, Hey, this could potentially come in handy if youre with someone youre legally bound to for the rest of your life and you need them to shut the hell up. Im freezin! Im roastin! Im boilin! Its blowin on me! When my wife says, The air is on me, it is the equivalent of a normal person saying, A bear is on me. Thats the emergency level. And I respond at that level, too. Oh, my God. An evil breeze from a hostile vent is attacking my mate and life partner, who incidentally bore me three children without anesthesia. Probably could have caught the babies herself if no one was around, but cannot survive a waft of air three degrees off her optimum desired temperature. And Im sure this stupid dual-zone thing totally works, too, to keep different-temperature air molecules from commingling inside a three-foot wide, closed compartment of an automobile. Because I go to my coffee place in the morning… I like to get my coffee black on the left side of the cup, cream and sugar on the right, and thats no problem. Or you go to fancy restaurants. Sometimes they say, Do you want still or sparkling water? I go, Both. Same glass, keep em separate. I do it in my car all the time. Heres a marriage moment I saw for real. Husband in the car, wife on the sidewalk. Hes picking her up after work. He did not bring the car to a full and complete stop! She had the door open. She was hopping on one foot… …trying to get some kind of leverage on the armrest of… You can only get one foot in a moving car. One can only imagine the spirited exchange of ideas… that took place in that car the rest of the drive home. But thats what marriage is. Its two people… trying to stay together without saying the words I hate you. Which youre not allowed to say. Okay? You cant say that. You can feel it. Thats okay. Dont let it come… …out. Say something else. Anything. Say, Why is there never any Scotch Tape in this goddamn house? Scotch is I, tape is hate, house is you. But its better. You dont say, I could kill you right now. You say, Youre so funny sometimes. So, Jerry, we would like to understand in a little more detail exactly how you pulled this off, cause we… We saw that you were, uh, just a single, regular, bachelor guy, 45 years. And then all of a sudden, you just… You just turned on a dime. Marriage, wife, kids, family. Howd you navigate that? Howd you acclimate? How did you procreate and cohabitate, learning to accommodate so as not to aggravate? Its a very good question, because a man in marriage will not survive if he does not have a strong brain-to-speech guard-gate control filtration system. You dont just talk in marriage! Its risky. When Im with my wife, who I love so dearly, and a thought enters my head, the first thing I think is, Well, I know I cant say that. Maybe I could say I heard someone else say it. And then she and I can share a warm moment together, agreeing on what an idiot that person must be. And we get along great. So, we have three kids. I told you that. We just came back from a lovey family vacation, or what I like to call: Lets pay a lot of money to go fight in a hotel. I dont know what the hell else we were doing. Lets fight on bikes. Im gonna kill you. Im gonna kill you more. Lets use profanity on a pristine, white-sand beach. Lets fight about how well-behaved those other children seem to be. I wonder if they were out on the hotel balcony last night with 12-dollar minibar cashews, trying to hit the other guests in the head. So, my daughter is, uh, my oldest. Shes 18, and she just, uh, finished high school, went off to college. Big… Thats kind of a big, you know, step when youre parents. Thank you. We did a great job. She finished high school. So, a lot of people… You know, everybodys asking me, How do you feel, Jerry? You know, first kid leaving the house? And Im good. Im okay. Im okay. The way I look at it, its like if you somehow found a baby alligator and you put it in your tub, and everybody would… Look at this. I found this. Baby alli… Look. Put your finger in his mouth. Feel the teeth? Little teeth, little bitey, bitey teeth. And then time passes, and you go, You know, I think we gotta get this thing the hell outta here. This is, uh… This doesnt feel right anymore. This thing is… its scary. This thing needs to be out there, murdering other living things and eating them. That… thats what its supposed to do. But I love being a dad. I was there at the birth. Obviously, the most dramatic human life moment. Anytime two people walk into a room, and three come out… a major event took place in that room. At the end of life, we go back basically into the same room, same bed, same stuff around. And again, a different number of people coming out than went in, but that is the human-being business. We gotta turn inventory, fresh product, keep the supply chain moving. We gotta get em in. We gotta get em out. Thats the hospitals job. Its rest, cleanliness. If it doesnt work out, we help you move on. It says hospital when you walk in, but it could also be Bed Bath & Beyond. ‘Cause the babies never stop coming. Babies dont care. You think babies care that the worlds a mess, you have issues? Were comin in! We want in! They come in like racks of fresh doughnuts. More babies. More babies. More babies. Why are they here? They are here to replace us. That is their mission. Dont you see whats happening? Theyre pushing us out. Their first words are mama, dada, and buh-bye. Oh, well see whos wearing the diapers when this is all over. Thats what the babies are thinking. But again, the father, struggling to keep pace. Moms that are here, we want to be what you want us to be. We cant do it! We want to do it. The babys born. I remember… Its just the most amazing thing. For the female, just these instincts just kick in. For the man, nothing kicks in. Hes just the same guy, standin there. It was years into my childrens lives, Id see them staring at me from across the room like they were gonna come and say, Im sorry, is someone helping you? Mom, the horsey-ride guy is here again. Do we need anything? Avoidance is the male domestic instinct. Golf, the ultimate avoidance activity. A game so nonsensically difficult, so pointless, so irrational, so time-consuming, the world golf could only possibly stand for: get out, leave family. And I have a lot of friends that play. They love it. Oh, they love it. Jerry, you would love it. Its a very challenging game. Yes, I am sure that it is. Its also challenging trying to throw a Tic Tac 100 yards into a shoebox. In the fantasy mind of the golfing father, when he comes home, the family will come running out to hear the exciting stories of his golfing adventures. In reality, no one is even aware that he has left or returned… from eight and a half hours of idiotic hacking through sand and weeds while driving drunk in a clown car through a fake park. Nonetheless, the father remains proud… dressing in bizarre outfits around the house on the weekends. All fathers essentially dress in the clothing style of the last good year of their lives. Whatever a man was wearing around the time he got married, he freezes that moment in fashion history and rides it out to the end. You see fathers on the street: 05, 91, 83. Took the kids to the movies the other day. New announcement in the movie theater I hadnt seen before: Please pick up the garbage from around your seat after the movie. Oh, okay. Maybe Ill bring my orange jumpsuit and a wooden stick with a nail in it, too. Maybe Ill work my way down the highway after the credits. Im not pickin nothin up! Im the one that threw it down. Theres a deal in place between us and the movie theater people. The deal is, youre rippin us off! In exchange for that, when Im done with something, I open my hand. Let it roll down eight rows. Im not sticking my arm into that dark, scary hole… tryin to pry out three Goobers that have been solder welded there since The Shawshank Redemption. What have they done for us? What… what? You gave us a cup holder? Is that our luxury feature? How about an automatic popcorn shooter that fires one in every five seconds… to complete this corpse-like experience? The cup holder, that is the object that defines our culture. Were not holding cups! We dont wanna grip! Hands-free. Give me a cowboy hat with a beer on each side and a feeding tube comin down. Give me a dog leash with an extra leash wound up in it, in case the dog pulls it, I hit the button, let the line out like hes a marlin. I go into a public restroom, I expect a motion detector on the toilet, sink, urinal. Im doin nothin in here. Why is the sink never as aware of us as the toilet? You always have to go into a David Copperfield magic act to make that work. Who designed the bathroom stall with the under-display viewing window? So we can all see the lifeless, collapsed pant legs and tragic little shoe fronts that are just barely poking out from underneath the impotent belt, lying helpless. How much more money is it to bring this wall down another foot? Its the cheapest wall in the world. Its a metal panel. They dont even make the panels meet up tight in the corners! Why cant they cinch it up? Sometimes, youre walkin by, you see a frightened, terrorized human eye. You ever see just a flash of eye white in the space? Just a pupil? Why are we doing this to people? Im not a horse. I dont wanna be in a stall. If its a stall, why dont I hang my head over the door? Thats what the horses do. Im sure my coworkers recognize my shoes. Lets let em see my face, too. Hey, Bob, how you doing? Yeah, this is why I had to run out of that big meeting. I had a little PowerPoint presentation of my own to do. Thank you, New York City. Youve been the best! I love you guys. You made me. I appreciate it. Thanks for comin in to see our show. Hope you enjoyed it. Good night. ? Theres a man Who leads a life of danger ? ? To everyone he meets He stays a stranger ? ? With every move he makes ? ? Another chance he takes ? ? Odds are he wont live to see tomorrow ? ? Secret agent man ? ? Secret… ? Now, in the helicopter, what you would do… youd move forward a little bit before you push out. Whats this one? Its you in the doorway. Hey! Hey, whats up? ? Beware of pretty faces that you find ? ? A pretty face can hide an evil mind ? ? Ah, be careful ? Yeah! ? What you say ? ? Or youll give yourself away ? ? Odds are you wont live… ? Very good. Thank you.

LOUIS C.K.@SINCERELY@2020@ [Scattered chanting] C.K.! C.K.! [Whooping] Louis! Louis! [More join] Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! Louis! [Chanting stops] [Indistinct shouts] [Shrill whistle] [Indistinct chatter] [Scattered cheering and applause] [Cheering and applause] Thank you. [Cheering and applause] Thank you. Sit down, please. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thanks. Nice to, uh… All right. Nice to see you all. Thanks for coming. Ive been thinking about you all day. How are you? How — how was your last couple of years? [Laughter] How… How was 2018 and 19 for you guys? [Laughter] Anybody else getting global amounts of trouble, anybody else… [Laughs, groans] Fuck! [Cheering and applause] That was crazy… Man, I was in a lot of trou– Wait till they see those pictures of me in blackface. Thats gonna to be… Thats going to make it a lot worse. Because there is a lot of those, theres thousands of pictures of me in blackface. I cant stop doing it, I just… I like it, I like how it feels. [Laughter] Fuck, man, that was… You know what? I learned a lot. I learned a lot — I learned how to eat alone in a restaurant with people giving me the finger from across the room. [Laughter] When you get in trouble, you learn who your real friends are. Its true — people like saying that like thats a good thing. Who the fuck wants to know who their real friends are? You dont want to know that. Believe me, you dont want to know. Its never who you want it to be. Its not your cool friends and its not your fun friends. Its your real friends. Im here for you. I fucking know that. I have this friend, shes the best person I know, but I sometimes want to punch her in the face because shes so nice — because Im not a good person. Like, Ill tell her something Im having problems with, and shell say, Im going to pray on that for you. [Groans] I have a feeling when she prays, Gods like, Ugh! Fuck! This one makes me want to get out of the business. You guys think theres a God? How many — How many of you, by applause, believe there is a God. How many people? [Cheering and applause] All right. About 30 out of 1,400. Thats nice. Thats nice. That shits over. Its just fucking over. You go into a church, its like going to a roller skating rink on a Wednesday, its like… This used to be something! What happened? I dont know. I dont think theres a God. And thats not a conviction. I just dont suppose. I just — I just reckon there aint. I reckon there aint no lord. [Laughter] And because I dont believe theres a God, I fucking hope theres not a God. I fuckin hope — Oh, please! If you dont believe in God, you better fucking hope — you better get on your knees and pray. Please, God, dont be. ‘Cause thats a bad thing to be wrong about. Thats a bad wrong. Youre an atheist your whole life and you die and youre like, Aw, fuck! Aw, youre shitting — with a beard and everything. Fuck! Aww… Hey, I — I dunno… Yeah, yeah, Im going. Yep. Being wrong the other way is not a big problem. If you believe in God and youre wrong, you dont really have a problem. It gives you a little comfort during your stupid life. And then at the end, youre just seriously disappointed for like a second — its the last feeling you get to have. You die, youre like, Nothing? Seriously? Nothing? Yeah, just get in the Dumpster. Sorry. [Laughter] Sorry, youre just garbage now. If you dont believe in God, thats what you believe — that when you die, youre just garbage. You are your familys newest garbage. My mom died last year and we asked her, like, What do you want, like, before she died, we didnt — We didnt ask her at — Ma! Ma! Fuck! I asked my mom what we wanted — what she wanted to do with her body. And she said, Just burn it. Thats what she said: Burn it. What, in the yard with leaves? What the fuck? She didnt want a funeral, no pageantry, nothing. So she booked it herself. That was her last act as an American consumer. She went online with a credit card and she booked her own cremation. Its true — at a place called Boston Crematorium. Just this place that burns bums and dogs all day. They just folded my mom into the workload. We didnt even know, just this guy showed up. Im here for your ma. All right, Sully, shes in there. And he went in there to prepare her. My sisters are waiting in the hall and he was in there for a while. [Laughter] I didnt say anything. Im just… Saying he was in there with my mom for a long time. Thats all Im saying. And also that I was worried he was fucking my dead mother. [Laughter] Anyway, then he brought her out in a kind of a nice bag and… and he put her in a van. Just a — his van. Its like a 98 Ford Windstar with a bottle of red Gatorade rolling around in the back. Its the last time I saw my mom. [Laughter] Thats what she wanted. [Laughter] She didnt believe in this God shit. Just didnt. I was talking to my friend the other day about Jesus… uh, Christ, and, um… I dont remember why, but I happened to mention that Jesus was Jewish and my friend said, He was? And I said, Yeah. Jesus was Jewish. And he said, I dont think so. And I said, thats okay, it already all happened. Doesnt matter where you think. But hed argued with me. He was like, Dude, Jesus couldnt be Jewish. Think about it. Im like, You fucking think about it, you idiot. What d– What was he then? Youre… What, was he Presbyterian? What was he? Catholic? Okay, Jesus was Catholic and he had a gold chain with a cross. And when they nailed him up, he was like, Oh, thats why we have those! [Laughter] That finally makes sense. I didnt even know. Oh, fuck, thats me! Im the little guy on it! [Laughter] Every religion has a strange story or a rule that doesnt make sense to me. You know, like every time theres a terrorist act, they always tell you on the news about how they believe theyre all going to heaven. And every guy who does a jihad thing and he gets 72 virgins, thats right. Thats the story, always 72 virgins. Which, first of all, who are those women? Who are the 72 virgins? Does God have to kill 72 nice girls? All right, ladies, uh, the good news is youre going to heaven. The weird news… [Laughter] Or does God just make em fresh like farm raised salmon? He just whips up 72 women. All right. Nobody fuck these. Im saving them for that guy. Its a weird concept. You get your own 72 virgins for all eternity. First of all, theyre only virgins when you first get them. Once you start fucking them, its over. After a week, hes like, I only have three left. And 69 whores. That has to be one of the more confusing moments in Gods life when hes handing off 72 virgins to some guy who just blew up a bus in Tel Aviv, and hes like, All right. Uh… The fuck am I doing? I dont even know anymore. I need a drink. Im curious about God. Im curious about his life. Im curious about Gods existence. Whats that like to be God? You know, we dont know anything about him. I think one reason people dont believe in him, because we dont have a sense of God because he doesnt say anything anymore. Used to talk all the time, used to go up to people on the street, Hey! [Gibberish] Writing on the rocks — Look at that! Do it! And it was conf– Everybodys like, trying to figure it out. And then for 2,000 years, he just — Mm, meh. Nothing! Says nothing! And everybodys fighting. He could clear a lot of shit up with a five-minute press conference. If God spoke for five minutes, hed solve a lot of problems. Hed just show up, All right, everybody, yeah, Im the Lord. Okay, real quick. First of all, Mormons, just: no. [Laughter and applause] What is that? Just go home. Also, Jews with the little things, what the fuck? I dont know… Put a hat on or dont, nobody gives a shit. This is weird. I hate these. I hate them. I sent everybody with one of those to hell every day. I do. Its just my thing. Just so you know. Do what you want, but thats where youre going. Now, you know. Also, I dont care who you fuck. I dont care. It never mattered. It was Adam and Eve and Steve. They were all fucking each other. I was jerking off to it. It was a great time. So its not an issue for me. I dont know why it is for you. Have fun and use all the holes, thats what I say. Also, youre supposed to fuck the animals. Thats why I made them! Why are you not fucking the animals?! Theres only like 30,000 of you fucking the animals. What are the rest of you — Youre eating them?! Thats disgusting! What is wrong with you? How could you eat a perfectly fuckable pig. [Laughter] Sayeth the Lord. Well, its nice to be in Washington, D.C., where — I was born here. [Cheering and applause] I like it here, cause I like any city, I like cities. I dont like cities that are too advanced. You know, I was in Zurich. And they have so much sh– you know, theyre like, Heres the bike, you want a bicycle? Its yours. Just have it, its nice. And they have the garbage with the eight fuckin holes of different shapes — its like an IQ test for a monkey. I dont know what the fuck. Theres one hole has a picture of a cup, and the next one is a picture of a cup thats a little different. Im standing there with a dead baby, I dont know where Im supposed to… What am I suppose to do with that? It doesnt go in the newspapers slot, but otherwise, I dont know. [Laughter] I like cities, I dont like little places. When I go to Europe, I go to the big cities. Everybody tells you, Dont go to Madrid. Yeah. Just go to Madrid for like a day. And then you got to take a train and you have to go to [Gibberish] Its a beautiful little old village and youre gonna love it. Fuck you, you dont know me. Im not going to love a village in Europe with a bell that goes pang, like, whenever, and a dog walking alone. I dont like cute little places. I dont like little towns in America either, with little shops. Oh, look at that little shop! Lets go in that little shop. Nah, lets get a divorce. Isnt that a better idea? You go in there, Ill just walk away. Just tell the kids I was a pilot and I got shot down. I dont like little shops. Im uncomfortable in a little shop. You go in, its like, cli-li-ling-ling, cli-li-ling. Now its just you and her. Youre surrounded by her dream. And you cant just, Ugh! and leave! Well, you… She saw you, you have to go all the way in now and look at all the little crafts that she made. [Laughter] [Exasperated sigh] You made this? Really? You made this instead of killing yourself? [Laughter] I fucking wish I was that mean. I really do. All my fantasies are about being mean, just having the balls to, like, walk in a little store like that and just go like, Oh, I dont like this at all. I dont like it in here. Unh-uh. Whats your name? Debbie? Fuck you, Debbie. I dont like your store. I was in Florida recently, I dont like Florida at all, its a shit state full of shit people, thats what I think. Hate Florida. I hate it. I hate the whole thing. The whole — the entire — it looks like — it doesnt look like a dick. People say that; it looks like a shit coming out. If you look at it, its like Americas ass, and its a shit thats just — that youre trying to… And theres a little — Cubas like a little — Pbbt! That came first. Thats what I think of Florida. Every time theres a hurricane, Im like, Yeah, get em! Get em all, Melissa! No, I dont mean any of that. I was just funnin. Just fun to pretend. I was in a sushi restaurant in Florida. And it was empty — you ever go in a restaurant and its open, but its — youre literally the only person in there. You walk in, the staff is like sitting at the tables, you know, and you walk in, youre like, Are you open? Theyre like, Yeah. And you go, Oh, good. And you — and theyre like, Aww, pfft! We gotta fire up the whole fuckin restaurant for this one guy now? So I ordered a lot of sushi because I felt bad for wasting their time, and, um… And I — I didnt eat most of it because I dont like sushi. And, um — so the waitress comes over. Shes Japanese and she says, You no finish? Which is what she said. Im not… Its just what she said, I cant… Im not gonna change what she fucking said. Im not gonna lie to ya and say that she said, Youre not going to finish that, because it doesnt happen to be what she said. And I have to do the accent because its weird if I tell you she said, You no finish? So Im stuck. Im just telling you what happened. She said, You no finish? Whoo, you no finish! [Gibberish] Thats exactly what she said. Its a perfect replica. No, it was subtle. She said, You no finish? And I said, No, I no finish. Because I think thats — I think its polite to repeat peoples bad English to them. Otherwise, youre being a dick, its like, You no finish? No, I am not going to finish. [Laughter] You left out a lot of words. I took the liberty of restoring them. I was in upstate New York in a small town, and I was standing in front of a drugstore. And in the window of the drugstore, they had a wheelchair on display in the window. Is that really an impulse purchase? Hmm… I should get a wheelchair. That would really help with my paralysis. Then I wouldnt have to drag myself everywhere I go like Ive been doing for 10 years since my legs were blown off at the marathon. [Scattered laughter and groans] Okay. Okay. Bunch of fuckin hypocrites, apparently, because let me point somethin out to you. Let me point somethin out to you motherfuckers. You are just, like, seconds ago, laughing at a man with no legs crawling on the ground. Youre just — [Imitates laughter] And then at the end, youre like, Oh, but not those particular legless people. No! We thought you meant just some asshole with a childhood disease who deserves to be laughed at. Not one of those. No, were laughing at all legless people equally. However you lost your legs: Ha-ha-ha, you havent legs. And weve legs. I have legs — I have two legs. Two fucking legs — thats the maximum amount. Fuckin love having two legs. I fucking love it. I wouldnt like having no legs. I really dont think I would like it. I think it would suck. I think would suck shit out of the balls of Christ. Its an old Southern expression, its not…. Used like it used to be. I think two legs is better than none. Thats what I think. Thats just my opinion. Its not popular. Youre not supposed to say that because youre supposed to always be very positive about disabled people. But I think that puts pressure on them to be positive. What if they dont want to be? Because the only story we want to hear is about the amazing disabled people — Hes amazing. He lost his legs, then he won the leg having contest. What about disabled people who arent amazing, who are just ordinary with a sweatshirt and some potato chips, and hes going, Fuck, I wish I had legs. No! No, this is better! Its better with no legs. Why is it better? Because you can do anything now. I can do four things. Fuck off. I just dont know that our positive non-disabled attitude really helps. Like retarded people — lets — were gonna talk about retarded people for 20 minutes. Just — thats whats gonna happen. Were going to discuss retarded people for 20 minutes. Its not okay to not — never speak of them. No, were gonna talk about them. First of all, I want — mostly I wanna talk about the word retarded. Okay? Because the word retarded, its a bad word and people do not like the word retarded, they find it very offensive. Now, Im a little confused by this because it wasnt always a bad word. And I grew up in the 70s and it wasnt bad back then. And you most bad words were always bad, you know. Cunt never had a day in the sun. There was never a… a time where the Santa Clause of the mall was like, Cmere, you little cunt. Tell me what you want for Christmas. And then in the 90s, were like, Lets lay off of ‘cunt a little bit there, gang. No, the word — we used the word retarded in the 70s, we used it to identify people who were retarded. [Laughter] It wasnt controversial, it wasnt like — [Whispering] Hes retarded. It was like, He is retarded. This fellow right here is retarded, right? I told you, yes, youre still retarded. He is retarded, everyone. And I grew up in Boston. We didnt say retarded in Boston. [Non-rhotic] We said re-tah-ded. Hes re-tah-ded. God bless him, hes fuckin re-tah-ded. [Laughter] Thats the way we used it! With love: help the retarded. Thats what people said in the 70s. Help the retarded. There was a lady outside the supermarket near my house every Christmas with a bell, she was like, Help the retarded! Help the fucking retarded! You gonna tell me she was a bad person? She was helpin the retarded. And I feel like we had more of them around back then. I havent seen one in years. In the 70s, there was a retarded guy in a windbreaker on every street corner. They — we were using the word and they were more in our lives. I swear to God, they were more. They were in our culture. There was TV movies about retarded people all the time. Tonight on ABC, ‘A Retarded Boys Dream. There was one I remember with Shaun Cassidy, I dont know if you remember Shaun Cassidy, some of you are too young, but Shaun Cassidy, he began his career as a teen pop idol. He was a 13 year old boy with a very hit song called Da Doo Ron Ron. And he had feathered blond hair and juicy lips. He was on the cover of Teen Beat magazine, like… And everybody likes Shaun Cassidy cause he was sexy. Was a sexy boy. I thought he was sexy. I — I thought he was really sexy. I was six years old, but I already had inappropriate sex feelings for teenage boys when I was six. I was an old soul. I was — [Laughter] I was a pedophile when I was six. I used to go up to teenage boys when I was six, I was like, Hey, hows it going? That kids weird, hes got a boner. Anyway.. Not anymore, I outgrew it, but, uh… No. Im not — Im not sexually attracted to teenage boys. Im not. Im not. But I dont not get it. I mean, I — I get it. Im not like, What?! Like… You can see it. Like, I was in an airport once and Im walking along where people walk in the airport, and there was these chairs facing the aisle, and there is this family sitting there, a mom and a dad and two teenage boys. And theyre, like, just both sitting with their phones with their legs — they were wearing, like, these shorts — one had cutoff shorts and one had basketball shorts. And they both just had their legs open cause they dont give a fuck, both legs just splayed. And then just this — just smooth. You know, just very… And I saw it. Didnt give me a — didnt do anything to me, but I kind of wanted to stop and go, Hey, fellows, lets — lets close that shit up, huh? Youre not getting me, but I know youre causing a problem for somebody in this airport. Lets close it up. I did not say that… Otherwise I wouldnt be here. Anyway, lets return to the comfortable subject of retarded people, shall we? [Laughter] So Shaun Cassidy: Shaun Cassidy was a teen singer who then grew up — he was about 18 — he was, you know, old and gross. nobody wanted to fuck him. So he started to act, and he had a movie on TV called Normal People, where he played a retarded man who wants to live a normal life — it was very inspiring, actually. And at one point he goes to — he didnt do, like, a big retarded character. He wore thick glasses, he talked like Elmer Fudd. That was the whole thing. So he goes up to the guy who runs the group home he lives in and he says, I want to get a job. And the guys who runs it is like, you know, Republican, conservative. So hes like, You can get a job, youre retarded! You know. But — but then theres a liberal lady who works there and she says, Of course he can get a job. Hes as good as anyone! So they let him get a job as an air traffic controller or whatever was available. And then… He meets a woman whos also retarded, who lives at the group home. He falls in love with her. Its a very nice love story. And he says, We want to get married. And the guy says, Brr! She says, But theyre in love! So they get married. And then one day he says, We want to have a baby. And the liberal lady says, No fucking way. And they just shut them down right there. And thats the end of the movie. I swear to God, thats just how it ends. And the point of the movie is just, you know, hey, theres a limit — like, thats, I guess, what the point of it was. And thats pretty intense. But, hey, retarded people were on television, we were talking about it, we were dealing with it — and they said the word retarded about 50,000 times in the movie. Now, we dont say the word and I dont see em anywhere. I guess thats my problem with it. And also, the word is not basically a bad word. Its a medical term, but it became a bad word because its used as an insult, really — not towards retarded people. Nobody does that. Nobody calls retarded people retarded to insult them. What would be the point of that? That would be like going up to a chair and saying, Youre fuckin chair! Like, what are you doing? No. People use it on their friends, like, youre at a bar, your friends like, I dont have any more money for beer, and youre like, Youre fucking retarded, you know that? And in that moment, no one retarded is insulted. Theyre not. Do you know why? Because theyre not there! ‘Cause we dont include them in our lives. Theyre not at the bar — How many of you have a retarded drinking buddy that you hang out with? No, you take em to the zoo when theyre little him and then fuck em. This is what I find confusing about this thing, is that we told many generations of people that they are retarded. We told them that thats what they are and they lived with it, and they dealt with it, and then we just decided its a bad word. So did we tell them this? Did we go back to them and explain this to them? Listen, Nelson, I have somethin to tell you, youre not retarded anymore. You mean Im cured? [Laughing] No! No, no. Nah, were not even working on it. [Sighs] Anyway, Ive been traveling. [Laughter] I went to France last year because I thought I should leave the nation — felt like a good idea. Would have left the planet if they had another one of those. But… When I went to France, I had a great time. I fell in love. I met a woman. I fell in love in France. And weve been together since then. Its been nice. [Cheering and applause] Yeah, okay, its nice having a girlfriend from another country because you learn a lot about that country. I learn a lot about France from being with her. I never knew these things about — like, one time she was sick, and I was taking care of her, so I gave her — she had a fever. I gave her a thermometer and she put it in her asshole. [Laughter] Never seen that before; turns out the whole country, all of France, puts thermometers in their assholes. And they dont put their eggs in the fridge. They have no respect for temperature in either direction. Id never — I was like, why are you putting it in your asshole? She said, You dont do this? You dont put here in America? I said, No, we dont put a glass thermometer filled with mercury in our anuses… You fucking savage. Well, we do it to babies and dogs cause they cant talk. Every American babys first words is, Get that fucking thing out of my asshole. You ever take your dogs temperature? You have to hold your dogs ass still, and then you slip it in there and your dog looks to you like, Why would you do that?! Why would you do that to me?! And youre like, I could never explain it to you, but I need to hold it here for 60 seconds. Dogs are so dumb, its fucking tragic. Its sad how dumb they are. Theyre in our lives and they know nothing about whats happening. You ever been having, like, a dramatic moment in your family, like, youre in the living room telling the kids that grandma died, and everybodys crying, and the dogs sitting there like… [Chuckling] I know you! Ha! Theyre so stupid! Incredibly stupid animals. They dont even know their own lives, they dont even — they cant even handle their own lives mentally. You ever throw a ball for your dog and your dog gets the ball and brings it, and then you throw the ball again, and the dog brings it. And then one of the times you throw the ball, the dog looks at you like, I didnt see what happened. Im sorry, I… I dont know anything now. Please help. So you point at the ball, There it is, right there. Its right there. And the dog just looks at your finger cause theres just no way hes gonna get this concept that theres an invisible line… …that he can follow with his imagination. I have a great dog. Ive got a dog last year. Shes a great dog. I did not adopt her, Ill be honest with you. I bought her with money. Thats the truth. People always ask me when I walk my dog in New York, Thats a beautiful dog. Is she a rescue? Im like, No, shes very expensive. Please dont touch her. [Laughter] I did rescue a dog last year, and it bit everyone in my life, so I un-rescued it, and I bought a dog that works. In New York, everybody rescues their dogs, like, I rescued this dog. I rescued her. She has no eyes and shes dead. I hate New York, I really do — I used to love New York, but I hate it now, I really — Id rather be in Auschwitz than in New York City. Honestly, I would. I mean — I mean Auschwitz now. I mean, today Auschwitz. Not back when it was open. I mean, now — its nice now. Theres a gift shop. People go there on purpose. They buy tickets. I think thats weird… That people buy tickets to Auschwitz. Thats weird. If you could have told those people back then, People are going to buy tickets to come here. Wrap your head around that. Jew. Thats — All right. Im sorry. Im sorry, never again, I promise. Thats what we say about the Holocaust: Never again, cause they killed six million Jews. If they only killed, like, 10,000, would it be like, Okay, two more times, and then taper off because its a little much. Ill tell you, I went to Auschwitz — this is a true story, I actually did go to Auschwitz because I was doing shows in Poland because I had to go to Poland to do shows. So… [Laughter and applause] So… I was in Krakow. I was in Krakow, so I went to the camp, and I went there because of a very personal reason — because I had family there, I had a lot of family there. Forty-four members of my family were in Auschwitz during World War II. I mean, they were guards, they worked there. No, no, no, no. They were Jews and they died. Its okay. Dont be offended. Its true. We lost the whole family there, everybody — the whole — because we were Hungarian Jews. My grandfather on my fathers side, hes the only one who made it; the rest them, all 44 of them, went to Auschwitz, which I think they really regretted. But thats — thats what happened, because the Hungarians sent all their Jews to — They didnt — they werent even occupied, Hungary, theyre just like, Yeah, take — take our Jews. And they sent my whole family there. And they were all — died in Auschwitz, all except for him. My grandfathers the only one who made it. Because he got the fuck out of there before it started — in the late 20s, he fucking smelled that shit and he got the fuck out. And he went to Mexico. He migrated to Mexico. And we found his immigration card. My uncle and I did the family history and we found it. It says, Nationality: Hungarian, and it says, Religion: Catholic. And theres a picture of him like. [Laughter] Hes like, Fuck it, they dont know what a Jew looks like in Mexico — thats where Im going! And thats why Im alive, because he made that choice. Its also why Im not Jewish, cause he was like, Jew-schmoo, were not fucking Jewish. Somos catolicas. That was my abuelito. Became a fuckin Mexican fast. Thats what happened, thats how he made it. Was a fascinating guy, my grandfather. His name was Geza. That was his name. And he had a brother named Geza. Its weird, but I looked it up, and heres what happened: His parents had a baby and they named it Geza, and it died — the baby died. So they had another one and they just said, Fuck it, Geza, just do it again, because thats what it was like. Babies died, it was no big deal back then. It was just like, Yeah, that was a shitty baby. Lets do another one. Whyd your baby die? Because it sucked — Why does any baby die? At least we found out quick. Fuck it. This ones good. Thats what it was like forever until recently. The human race was all the good babies and the shitty ones, pbbt! Thats just the way it worked. Its not like that now. Now we save every baby. The shittier the baby, the bigger the effort. Because we love it, we love saving the shitty babies. Theres always a documentary, Look at this baby. Hes a fucking mess. Do you see that shit? Were gonna save it, make it live. And the babys like, Please dont! But wed rather — we dont like when babies die, we get more upset when a baby dies. Who knows this baby? Did you hear about Jeff? No, he was here for one day. Nobody met him. And then if you die when youre old, nobody gives a shit. Theyre lie, Eh, he was here long enough, fuck em. You ever tell somebody, like, your grandmother di– My grandmother died. Theyre like, Im so sorry. How old was she? She was 98. Oh. So whyd you even tell me? Im 52 and I like my 50s, I like this part of my life. Its my favorite so far. Ill tell you why. Because I can still move around pretty good. And I dont have long to live. I view that as a positive. Because life is a lot of pressure. The more life you have ahead of you, the more problems you have. Like, if youre 20, you might have 70 years to try not to be homeless or alone during. But I can — I got maybe 24 years left. I can handle that, like, thats an amount of time, like, Oh, yeah, I can fucking do that. I can cover 24 years. And it gets easier every year less that I have. Like, I bought a winter coat the other day I was like, This is my last coat. I dont need a bunch of these. Gets easier. I used to — I used to think I have to — I need to find a woman who will be with me forever. I need string of girlfriends at this point. Just a few more girl– I need three women in their 40s to get me through my 50s, and two in their 50s to get me through my 60s. And then when Im 75, 21 years old. Thats when Im doing that. Twenty one, she gets the rest of my money. Just blow me to my grave and keep the change. [Laughter] Thats the offer on the table for anybody whos 21 when Im 75. She hasnt been born yet, but well see with the… well see what the new crop brings. My French girlfriend, shes 42, which is perfect. Shes pornographically hot, but shes willing to fuck this mess. Because you — really you have to be over 40 to have the compassion and the sense of humor to fuck around… She likes to be on top, which I think is, thats cause thats the best that I ever look is laying on my back because you just — all the skin lays where it belongs. Like it just drapes nicely. I like about 49 and a half when Im on my back. And if I get on top of her, I just — it comes off. It comes away from the bone like barbecued pork. And this shit, when you hang this, its all red and bumpy. Its like the roof of a cave. Its a nightmare. And my tits are like flappy triangles with red tips. They look like candy corn that somebody stepped on. But its nice, uh… nice having a girlfriend, its better than being married because, you know, with a girlfriend you can switch, and, uh… Marriage is — fuck, thats hard. I feel bad for people that are in bad marriages. Thats — if youre in a bad marriage, by the way, you know what you should do? Just at stay home. Dont make people — just self-quarantine. Dont make people fucking look at you. You know, those couples that come over for dinner and theyre holding a gun to each others heads like, Hi, thanks for having us. Fuck. Theres always that awful moment at dinner. One of thems like, We saw that show on Wednesday. The other ones like, It wasnt Wednesday. Were going to fucking puke because of your life. Oh, thats bad. I was on an airplane one time and a married couple came on and they had been sat separately. There was some mistake. So theyre trying to figure it out. And the woman, shes supposed to sit here, she comes up to me. She says, Would you mind moving so I can sit with my husband? And hes behind her. Hes like… And I wanted to help them, but what am I going to say to his wife? Just, No, I wont move. Then I have to sit with her. So I just got off the plane. I didnt go on the trip. I got off the plane and it took off and it hit the World Trade Center. So that was… Yeah, that was bad. Ill never forget that day. Ah, fuck, that was so unnecessary. That was wildly unnecessary. I dunno, man. Im sorry. Im fucking mentally ill, I dont know… Ive been thinking about this: I think the thing is, I think — I think I learned too early in my life that when I say something and people get angry, I just like how that feels. I dont know why, but I learned it too early, I think thats the problem. I learned that when I was 6. Thats too young for that kind of… You know, I learned all the bad words when I was 6. I learned them all in one day from this old dude who hung around our neighborhood. I dont know if he lived there or what, but there this old dude with a shitty coat and a dark tooth that was always walking around my neighborhood. And if youre a kid walking alone, hed walk up and, Hey, talk to you — because it was the 70s. You could just walk up to kids and talk to em. Now you cant even fuck em, its crazy how things are… [Laughter] Sorry. I know its wrong to fuck kids, by the way, just to be clear, I know that fucking children is wrong. I dont even need to be told. I just know that its wrong. I would know it was wrong, even if it was popular. Even if people were like, You should fucking kids, its great, I wouldnt do it. Even if the kids came out to me all the time, You should fuck me, I like it. I wouldnt mind at all. I would say, No thank you, young man. Even if doctors proved… [Laughs] …that it was beneficial to the health of children to fuck them, I wouldnt do it. I would — I would — I wouldnt fuck a kid to save his life. Thats… Even even if somebody said to me, If you fuck just this one kid, then no kid will ever get fucked ever again. I might have to fuck that one kid. That might be the right thing to do. Im saving all those kids. Oh, Im saving them all. Not you, not you. Youre the last one. Its hypothetically. Anyway, so the old man came up to me on the street and he and he said, Hey, do you want to know all the bad words? And I said, Yes, I think I do. So hes like, All right. Okay. Fuck, shit, piss, dick, balls, ass, cock, diarrhea, pussy, fart, cum. And I was like, Oh! Just felt so good. I went to school, I went right up to my teacher, I said, Fuck, shit, piss, dick, balls, ask, cock, diarrhea, cum, fart. And she started crying. Its a true story. She was like — [Imitates wailing] Started crying. I had a boner. I was so happy. It was the best moment of my life. I had to go to the principals office. He said, Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? I said, No, but I eat her pussy with it. [Laughter] Yeah. Yeah. [Laughs] Yeah! [Applause] Anyway, relationships are tough. Thats what Im talking about. I used to date a woman who was a vegan, so I had to fuck her with my dick substitute and, uh… ‘Member when meeting a vegan was weird? Remember when there was like a strange thing, like, Oh, what is — what is that? Like, you probably met your first vegan in the 90s. You had like a dinner party and somebody brought a vegan and they said, Just so you know, Im vegan, and youre like, Im sorry, youre a vegetarian? And theyre like, Heh, no. All right, what is the thing? And they tell all the… Huh? Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah, I have no food for you. You can eat a napkin and shit paper, I dont care. But then you met another vegan and youre like, Okay, and then — and now theyre everywhere, now who cares? Theres several vegans and restaurants and whatever. Its kind of like gay people sort of a similar trajectory of growth and acceptance in the culture. You know? Gay people and vegans have a lot in common — like, they both have to tell their families at Thanksgiving. Thats when they have to tell them. And Dad gets angry. Your mother worked all night cooking that turkey, and youre telling me youre a fucking faggot?! You know, its drama. But those are the old days, things are better now. I think its pretty amazing when you think about it. People used to say that being gay was wrong. Pretty recently, folks used to — like, most people used to say that being gay was wrong, ‘course its not wrong to be gay. I mean, its pretty gay but its not wrong, but thats what people used to say. And now nobody says that. And I think thats a positive change. I think thats a good thing, although I do wonder if there are gay people who miss when it was wrong. Maybe theres a few who miss when it was — cause wasnt it a little more fun, when it was like, This is fucking crazy. Didnt that… Didnt give it a little zhuzh. A little… I could lose my job. Aw, fuck… Because… Now theyre like everybody else, which is great. And they can get married. Thats terrific. But is that fun to fuck your husband at your house? Wasnt it more fun to be in an old nightclub at 4:00 in the morning, like, Im breaking my mothers heart. Oh, yeah. I dont know, I dont even mean just gay people, just some people like when sex is a little fucked up. You know? Some people! Some people like when sex is a little fucked up. [Chuckles] All right. [Laughs] No… All right now, you want to talk about this? Should we talk about it? [Cheering and applause] Yeah, all right, all right. I dont mind — I dont mind talking about it. Okay. Um… [Laughs] Heres what — Ill give you some advice. Heres some advice that really only I can give you. Heres my advice: if you ever ask somebody, Can I jerk off in front of you? [Scattered laughter] Let me finish. I mean — [Laughter and applause] I mean… Let me finish what Im saying! Ah… Ah, fuck. Okay. If youve ever ask somebody, May I jerk off in front of you, and they say yes, just say, Are you sure? Thats the first part. And then if they say yes, just dont fucking do it. Just — just dont do it. ‘Cause, look, whatever youre into, okay? ‘Cause everybodys got their thing. Whatever your thing is, I dont know. You all have your thing. I dont know what your thing is. Youre so fucking lucky that I dont know what youre thing is. Do you understand how lucky you are that people dont know your fucking thing? ‘Cause everybody knows my thing. Everybody knows my fucking thing now. Obama knows my thing. Do you understand how that feels? To know that Obama was like, Good lord! Everybody in the world knows my thing. I got on an airplane in Italy, this little kid was like, Mama, thats the guy who jerk off in front of the people! So whatever your thing is, I dont know what it is, maybe you cant cum unless you have your father on speaker phone, whatever it is. If you want to do it with somebody else, you need to ask first, but if they say yes, you still dont get to just go, Whoo! And charge ahead — gotta check in often. I guess thats what I would say. Check in, because its not always clear how people feel. Like, men are taught to make sure the woman is okay. But the thing is, women know how to seem okay when theyre not okay. So you cant just look at her face be like, Yeah, her eyes are dry. Were fine. Well just keep going — You gotta check in. ‘Cause sex — communication, during sex can be very confusing, like, sometimes, youre with a woman, youre having sex, shes making noises, shes going, like, Ooh, ahh. And youre like, Oh, she loves it. Not necessarily. Sometimes theyre making those noises just to get through it, because its easier to go, Ooh, than to say, I hate how you fuck me. Honestly, its awful. So she goes, Ooh, baby! Its kind of like a Negro spiritual, its sort of similar. So to assume that she likes it is like if they heard slaves singing in the fields, and theyre like, Hey, youre having a great time out there! [Laughter] As far as my thing — I dunno what the fuck… People are like, Why do you want to do it anyway? Okay, oh, no. I like jerking off, I dont like being alone. Thats all I can tell you. I — I get lonely! Where is everyone? Its just sad. I like company. I like to share. Im good at it, too. If youre good at juggling, you wouldnt do it alone in the dark. You would gather folks and amaze them. [Laughter] Anyway, thats all Im going to say about that shit. [Cheering and applause] [Chuckles] Well… [Chuckles] Let me ask you a question. You ever wonder how many people ever fucked your mom? Were almost done. Youre doing great. This is important to me. You ever look at your mom and go, like, Mom, how many dicks? Just how many? I lost my mom. So those are the things I dont know. So Im curious. I dont feel like a lot of dudes fucked my mom. Not cause shes, like, pure, because, like, I dont think so. But I hope it was as many as she wanted. Thats what I hope — I hope she got all the dicks she ever dreamed of because I loved her. I hope at the end, my mom was like, That with plenty of dicks. Whew-hoo! But Ill never know — because you dont know your mom. Thats the truth — you dont really know your mother. You feel like you know her, but you know what she told you. She didnt tell you shit. You dont tell your kids your life. What did your mother tell you? I won a swimming medal when I was 12. She didnt tell you, like, I used to fuck this guy at work, it was amazing. She didnt tell you that. Think about your moms life story as she told it to you. Theres huge holes in that story. Well, I graduated when I was 22 and then I met your father when I was 35. Feels like a lot of dicks would fit right in there, Mom. You know those movies where youre — where a mother and a daughter switch bodies. You ever seen a movie like — its always like, Freaky Friday, some Disney comedy where a mother and a daughter switch bodies and then theyre like, Whoa! Then they have to water ski and be in a rock band together. And then they switch back and they know each other better. Thats the formula I think they should make it another one of those movies. But it should be about a mother who switches bodies with her son. But its not a comedy, its a drama — like a medical affliction. Theyre upset the whole time. Shes in the bathroom in the morning, Im holding my sons penis. Its confusing. And her son is in her body, hes like, I dont want to be my mommy anymore. I dont like how it feels. And his dad comes home and he starts fucking ‘im. Oh, God! Whats happening now? I dont like this, but I dont want to say no to my dad. And then at the end of the movie, they never switch back. [Laughter] You guys were great, thank you very much for coming tonight. It was a pleasure talking to you. Get home safe. Thank you very, very much. Goodnight. [Cheering and applause]

MARIA BAMFORD@WEAKNESS IS THE BRAND@2020@[microphone droans] [music playing] [crowd cheering, applauding] Thank you for coming out. [laughs] Great time. Oh, yes. Oh, yeah. And thank you, you the viewer, whos probably doing something else right now. You get your laundry done. Whatever you need to do. You guys! Thank you so much. Thank you so much for coming out. Uh, I understand, I know were here in Los Angeles. Also, at home, I know were all artists. We all have a gift. If, at any point during my program, you feel disgusted. You think to yourself, Why isnt comedy better than I remembered? [high voice] Why isnt that particular premise less ill-conceived? [higher voice] Why– why isnt this experience exactly what I had wanted? [normal voice] Please let that rage trampoline you into working on your own stuff. [cheers, applause] Harness the power of an enormous letdown. Uh… and I ask you, why does everything have to be so good? Theres a lot of talking in society about, Thats amazing. [low voice] Thats genius. [strong voice] Hes a pig of productivity. [soft voice] Shes a kaleidoscope of can-do. [normal voice] Yes, there are certain people in society who have a tremendous amount of talent. You combine that with an unbelievable work ethic, it is greatness. Is that really that interesting? Havent we seen it before? Einstein, Beyoncé, the Muppets, Japan. I adore a two-star experience. There is a deli down the street from our house. I believe it is called the Super Crap Shitty-Ass Liquor Store. It is dusty, dark– Diet Coke, hot. Milk, sour. You open up a Milky Way, it blooms. They are invariably unfriendly, and theyre only sometimes open. And it is that kind of integrity of mediocrity over time that deserves celebration. The energy that it takes to not improve… And, as a small business owner, I relate. Many times a day on my Yelp page, I get customer comments. [low voice] Stop, witch! [valley girl voice] Why dont you kill yourself? [normal voice] Ooh, great minds think alike. Thumbs up. Follow and then mute. And yet– and yet, despite that ongoing negative commentary, I persist at half steam… generating up to eleven new minutes of material per decade. And, uh, things arent so good in general. Uh, I dont know if youve… noticed. We cannot, of course, physically harm the President of the United States. But it is not illegal to lead him into a bramble, some uneven pavement, rocky terrain. Let your deteriorating roads, bridges, and public schools work for us. Oh, well… theres– Hey, get in here. Uh, many times, in comedians acts, youll hear legitimate domestic and foreign policy. I heard a comic, 1999, Mr. Isaac Witty suggests at a Go Bananas in Cincinnati, Ohio, [imitates male voice] You know, why dont we send a high school marching band into Afghanistan? [normal voice] Confusing, inexpensive, quite possible hilarious. I feel like Im in an abusive relationship with our government. I thought, Why not file a restraining order against the President of the United States? [cheers] I did it! I printed out all the evidence, went down to the courthouse, saw a judge. Within a half hour, he denied me. Ultimately, a useless gesture that didnt further the conversation in any way, and wasted the time of caring professionals. But I would recommend that if youre gonna do anything political, to live-tweet it. Because it got me in contact with so many people I didnt think I had anything in common with. Turns out I have a few opinions in common with the far right. [low voice] Youre a fucking idiot. [normal voice] I know! I went to a third-tier state school. [high voice] You crazy cunt. [normal voice] Now, thats just accurate. [low voice] Youre just an unknown comedian doing this for attention. [normal voice] Of course. Oh, thats– oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, I love attention. Ooh, ooh. Ever since I was three years old, my parents, they forced me to play a musical instrument, the violin, at the age of the three. Could not wait to get that thing out of the way cause it was cockblocking the sale. Uh, Im not politically articulate, but we do have a 20-year-old pug named Betty. And shes blind and deaf, so she can no longer find the doggy door, so if we leave her for any amount of time, when we come home, she will be wedged in between the stove and a kitchen cabinet, covered in her own fecal matter, crying. [howls mournfully] Thats it, thats where Im at. Hopeless… looking for leadership… and I wouldnt turn down a biscuit. And I dont know why Im being so critical. Uh, Im not the greatest. I have a bit of a tremor thats distracting in a performer. [high voice] Why dont you take a medication to offset the hundreds of medications youre already on so that I feel more comfortable? [normal voice] To which Id like to say, Weakness is the brand. Aw, yeah. I dont want to quash this cash cow. Uh, I may be mental, but Im also a millionaire. I, uh– I have done very well with mental health shtick, and I was– but Ive been feeling so good the past several years, um, I dont have any new material about it. And I thought, Uh-oh, maybe I should worry about that. Uh… but then I remembered that Im on anti-psychotics, and it is no longer possible for me to worry. I do have this joke, though. I was at the funeral for a comedian who died of suicide. Wait for it! And, uh– awful. Ive had many friends and family, sadly, die of suicide, and one thing that always bothers me, though, is that, when theres an obituary for someone whos died of it, theres always the number for the suicide hotline. And I know thats helpful. I know it is. I know it saves lives. Its helped me. Ive called it myself. But as a person whos trying to kill themselves, it always feels a little condescending. Like, I know what the fucking number is. Im depressed, Im not a moron. Just seems like, you know, having an obituary for someone who died of drowning and then theres an ad for a raft. You know? Yeah, that wouldve been great. So, after the funeral, I overheard a few people talking. [low voice] Its just the single most selfish thing he couldve done. [high voice] I know, he has two kids, and his wife, shes gorgeous. [normal voice] Uh, hey, you know what I think the single most selfish thing you could do. I think blaming someone for their own death at their funeral? That is truly the single most selfish– hold on, hold on, hold on. No, no, no, no. Writing down the premise for this joke. Yeah, that is truly the single most selfish thing you could do. Yeah, two– two kids? And dont forget to mention how pretty his wife is. Let us never forget how attractive all of us are. Especially now. Im a very good-looking beast. Uh… uh… I have, uh, silky dark fur that covers my body. You can see it here. This is false. That doesnt mean I dont put in the effort to seduce my husband. We both work from home, but at least three times a day– Im busy, so I keep on my top, so my shoes and socksies. But I will pull down my pants and my underwear all the way to the bottom and make my way over. Say, Hey. Im just sittin over here. I love you, you love me. What that means for us both is, Im down for whatevs. Uh, haha, dont tickle me! Dont you come over here right now and tickle me. [laughs] We have sex in one way very well. The second way involves a purple buzzer. Its not always charged. Lets not play the blame game. Uh, I was trying to write some fantasies, and in order to live-action role play something, you really need to know so much about a genre. And the only thing I know a little bit about from a very limited point of view is intractable social issues. So our first sexy scene was gentrification. [high voice] My name is Jen. I just moved here. Its so cheap, and I can use my high school Spanish. [low voice] My name is Art. Im an artist. Ive lived here for 30 years, and its hipsters like you who have committed cultural genocide. [high voice] Arent you the first sign of gentrification, that you transform industrial abandoned spaces into galleries, thus making it more attractive to developers? [huffs] [high-voiced huff] [low voice] And you ash your hand-rolled cigarette… [high voice] …into my succulent! Oh, what, are you moving out? Has this neighborhood become too cool for you? [low voice ] No, Ive been evicted. I can no longer afford to live in the city that I love. [high voice] Oh, my God, its happening to someone I know. Maybe you should move in with me because thats the answer to affordable housing, not NIMBY, Not In My Back Yard, but YIMBY, Yes, In My Back Yard. Ooh. If you lived here, youd be home by now. [indistinct] [normal voice] My husband, Scott, he doesnt like to act, so I do most of it. Second sexy scene. Living wage. [low midwest voice] Im the owner of a Midwest McDonalds franchise. Boy, youre lucky I hired a loser like you. [high midwest voice] Well, youre lucky you got me, cause, see, I just got out of treatment for opioid addiction and Im gonna work 80 hours a week to support myself and my four kids. [low midwest voice] Maybe you shoulda thought about having kids before becoming an addict. [high midwest voice] Well, maybe I would have, had I had a– access to preventative healthcare and family planning! [low grumble] [high grumble] [high midwest voice] Im putting out a tip jar. [low midwest voice] No handouts. Listen, youve been doing such a nice job for me the past couple years, just puttin all that meat in buns. I thought Id like to give you an eleven-cent raise. [high midwest accent] Oh, then we can get an oil change on the house. [low midwest accent] But then I see you pouring a four-and-a-half-foot vanilla cone. Youre stealing from me. Youre fired. [high midwest accent] That was gonna be my supper. [low midwest accent] You mean to tell me you work in a restaurant but youre food insecure? [high midwest accent] No shit, Shake Shack! [low midwest accent] I need to restructure my business, creating a profit-sharing entity, thus destroying all hierarchy. [high midwest accent] So we could date. Then maybe I could teach you a mutually satisfying application of open book accounting. [trills] [normal voice] Scotts been working– hes been writing. [imitating Scott] Okay, uh, all right. Were in a massage parlor. Oh, right. Human trafficking. Uh, I think its legit. I know its in a strip mall, but theres water in the fountains, orchids are real. You seem happy. You lead me into a room, and you just start working on my back. You can go hard. Use your elbows. [normal voice] Okay. [imitating Scott] Aw, babe, thats good. [normal voice] Okay. [imitating Scott] And then, I– yeah, I have some curiosity about your situation. [normal voice] Thats awesome. [imitating Scott] Yeah, Im like, ‘Oh my God, this is modern day slavery. And then… Twenty-five bucks for a massage? Thats insane. Oh, God, babe, thats awesome. [normal voice] And– and then what happens? [imitating Scott] Wouldnt you keep going for at least a half hour? Okay, yeah, no, youre right. Okay, uh, I go to your countrys embassy, and we find out youre a princess? [normal voice] Now thats what I call a happy ending. All right. [applause] Oh, uh… my husband and I, hes– his longest relationship was three years. My longest was one year. We just made it six whole years! [cheers, applause] Thank you so much. Thank you, we need your support. And we need it now. We dont know what were doing. My parents have been married over 50 years. They gave us this way of fighting. Uh, its called sharing and caring. [imitating mother] You do it once a week. You share something youre grateful for, a concern, ugh, and then something youre grateful for. Its a shit sandwich. And so well do it for ya. Joel, go ahead. [imitating father] Ahem, Im grateful for all that you did for me this morning, and its private. [imitating mother] And Im grateful Im still able to do that. And now, Joel, do you have any concerns? [imitating father] Oh, yes, I do have a concern, Marilyn. Youve been interrupting me for the past 50 years. [imitating mother] Okay, well, I thought I was doing so– [imitating father] I wasnt finished speaking. [imitating mother] All right, I didnt know we were gonna say something real. Okay, well, I felt hurt when you called me a blueberry and I was wearing my blue coat. It felt like a slur. [imitating father] Ahem, your mother knows I find spheres very sensual. Ahem. [snorts] Uh, and close with the gratitude. Marilyn, Im grateful that youre gonna let me have the rest of your sweet potato fries. [imitating mother] Yes, yes, go ahead. And I– I am grateful that your father is here with us tonight and is not spending his entire life with his buddy, Lyle. [groans] They get together and they eat Fig Newtons, and then your father gets night terrors. Now you and Scott give it a go. You and Scott go. [normal voice] Okay, uh, Scott. Scott. Im grateful that you can sing the lyrics Turkey leg, chicken leg to any available melody. For example, Frère Jacques. ? Turkey leg, a turkey leg ? A chicken leg, chicken leg ? Turkey, turkey, chicken leg, chicken, turkey, turk, turk ? ? Turk, turk leg, chick, chick turk ? ? Leg and turk turk, leg and turk turk ? ? Leg and chick, leg and chick ? ? Leg-a, leg-a turk, turk, leg-a chicken turk, turk ? ? Turk, turk, chick, turk, turk– ? [imitating Scott] M-Maria, Maria. Im grateful that you join me in those songs. Its a real clock-eater. Uh… you are actually the first person Ive ever had to beg to stop. [normal voice] Uh, Scott, I actually did have a concern. Uh, I felt hurt when you were laughing about my cooking. [imitating Scott] Okay. I thought we were laughing together. Im sorry. Uh, can I tell them the story, though? Okay, Maria decides to make pancakes. She pours batter into a pot nine inches deep, like a cake. That burns. Does another one, burns again. By the time I get home, shes on her third pot. Shes added frozen vegetables. And the house is filled with smoke cause shes removed every single fire detector. [normal voice] Yeah, theyre too loud. I already know whats going on. Im making some fuckin veggie pie cakes. Hot, fat, tall. [imitating mother] Now, Scott, do you have any concerns? [imitating Scott] Uh, yeah. [squeals] Maria, I love you. [squeals] I love that you put a bench on the front lawn. But now, uh, there is a man living there. Which is fine, we live in Los Angeles, but now when you leave your keys in the front door overnight, over and over and over again, I feel terrified. [normal voice] Its just, they– thats where they fit. Maybe I could ask the guy on the bench to remind– [imitates mother] Honey, no, okay. Shut it down. Shut it down. So, uh, say something youre grateful for, Scott. Something youre grateful for. [imitating Scott] Uh, Maria, Im grateful youre so beautiful. [snorting] [normal voice] Scott. Scott. Im grateful that you let me use our sweet and fragile personal life as fodder for my act. Very good man. Very kind man. Uh, my husbands an artist, so were working on a project together. Im not sure what it is, exactly, but he pulls up his swim trunks all the way up to here and then he tiptoes around the public pool, and then I chase him yelling, Mr. Cassidy. Mr. Cassidy. Mr. Cassidy! Gonna try to pitch it to Nat Geo. Audible? Okay, all right. Uh, so, we talk about– we talk about money. Thats the other thing we talk about in our family, cause we both have to ask to get paid in our jobs. And, um, has anyone here ever asked for a raise? [scattered whoops] Yes? No? No? Oh, howd it go? Howd your raise go? I got let go. You got let go! Oh. But good for you. Asked. You asked. So… Im so sorry. Are you working at a better place now? -Yes. -Oh, okay. [whines] Uh, I never– Ive never– I never thought to ask for a raise. I worked in temp jobs and minimum wage for 15 years. I worked at a laundry factory once, making wire hangers into one long wire. I wasnt told what the mission statement was, and yet I still felt inspired. Uh, yeah, so I also worked for a temp agency. [imitating older woman] Maria, can you meet them at an unmarked warehouse in downtown Los Angeles? [normal voice] When? [imitating older woman] Are you okay with working with sharp objects? [normal voice] Yes. [imitating older woman] Youre gonna be making airport salads. [normal voice] You buried the lede! But I never thought to ask for more money, but now I get direct offers to myself. I just got an email that said, Hey, can you come to Alabama for 300 bucks? And I wrote them back and I said, Hey, why dont I just send you two grand, cause thats whats gonna happen. Oh, Im so sorry. I love you so much. Uh, now, uh, I, uh– but recently– also, a few– oh, gosh. A little while ago, I got– yesterday? Is that good for comedy? Is yesterday good for comedy? Im– Im a liar. The important thing about stand up comedy is to call whatever youre doing, stand-up comedy. All right, so, I got an offer to do a commencement speech at the University of Minnesota, from wherein I get my degree in creative writing. I said to them, Thats a terrible idea, but that is on you. I love money. And– and I thought about it and I thought, You know what? I do have some advice to give. Okay, class of whatever year this is. Youll find it doesnt matter. Okay. You guys, dont move to Los Angeles with the promise of a touring Star Trekshow. Uh… hook up on a one-night stand with a Vulcan. He gives you an STD that you let go for so long that when you finally go to the Planned Parenthood in Hollywood, California, the doctor says, ‘Why did you let this get so bad? Dont do that! Ah. Dont send in your 1040 IRS forms with ‘Sorry, dont get it, smiley face, exclamation point. Oh. Okay. Uh, dont move into an apartment where the landlord allegedly accepts sex for rent, and then not have money for rent. Turns out, he was not interested. I just had to move out! Oh, theres so much here. Um… so, I asked the university, I said, Hey… Well, cause they didnt mention it, What are we talking about, in terms of Bitcoin? They said, No, its an honor. And I Googled hon-or. And sometimes a hon-or comes with a paid hon-orarium. They said, No. I went to my business advisor, whos my dear friend Jackies 83-year-old father, Elliot Kashian. Hes a former aluminum siding salesman currently living at the VA hospital in South Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I said, Mr. Kashian, what do I do? He says, [imitating Kashian] Okay, you never say no without a number. That means, if youre not even sure you want the job, put out something ridiculous, something youve never gotten before in your life. That way, either you get a ton of money, or you dont have to do it. [applause] So, lets remember that their initial parry was zilch. I counter-thrusted with 20 grand. [cheering] [laughs] Oh, I received the following e-mail in response. [imitating midwest man] Oh, you dirty little bird. You and your filthy feathered fat pants used to be a nice girl from Duluth, Minnesota, but now youre from L.A. with your eyes made of lead and steel. Were a non-profit. They– they didnt say that. They said, Well get back to you. But I read between the lines. And I do know that schools are educational charities, that they– Im very happy, I just heard they had a successful fundraiser. Uh, Im not sure if it was a bake sale, but they did raise $900 million for their new athletic facility. Presumably for the poets. Was the University of Minnesota trying to suggest that I could not get paid for the one thing that I paid them to teach me how to get paid to do? [cheers, applause] And I tell you, no, maam. They came back three days later with ten– $10,000. I woulda done it for $600 plus air and hotel. Ugh. Uh, Mr. Kashian said, Okay, now you say, ‘Well split the difference, fifteen, and then you settle for twelve-five. But the guilt of the old country had done its work. And I went with ten, and then I ended up feeling so bad about myself that, as a part of the speech, I gave the money away to kids in the audience to pay down their student loans. Sounds like a nice thing to do. That is the only way Im able to do kind things. If it is in public and it is grandiose. Uh, I am an atheist, but Im nothing if not ethically competitive. My husband and I, we found out that, most religions, youre supposed to give at least ten percent of your income away to charity. So were giving 11. We dont even fucking believe in Heaven, but were going! No, Im just jealous. Ive never had a religious experience. I have a friend whos having them all the time. She takes ayahuasca, so shes… [low female voice] A red dragon told me I really need to raise the prices on my jewelry. [normal voice] I wish I had a fucking red dragon to tell me to take specific price-point related actions in my small business. [low growly voice] Why not create a passive income stream by selling already colored-in anxiety coloring books… so that people dont feel bad about not finishing them? [normal voice] Im listening, dragon. Uh, I havent had a spiritual awakening, but I have been so bored– on a mindfulness meditation retreat in the Malibu Hills– that I walked directly into some trees. And who but aging action star Nick Nolte should come out of that forest carrying a ridiculously large submarine sandwich. I– I have nothing guiding me from within beyond a moldering origami skeleton of womens magazines articles from the late 90s. Uh, so when I see someone who has a sign of what they believe on their person– you know, like, they have an earring or like a necklace– what? Uh, its just to remind me not to be a jackass. Oh, right, right. Um, or if they have a robe on, I always feel like asking them, just saying, Hey, you really doing that over there? The whole thing? Okay, all right. Thats a lot of stuff to keep track of. I read some of your shit. All right, all right. Well, good for you, yeah, no. Im gonna be keeping an eye on you. I want to make sure youre doing everything your hat says you are. [laughs] Oh. I even get a little irritable when I see the words-on-shirts trend. I saw a woman my age, she was wearing a t-shirt that said Truly, Madly, Deeply in a giant Santa Barbara font, very beautiful. But she herself was shuffling along carrying a to-go bag from the Cheesecake Factory in a pair of worn purple Crocs with a little smile on her face. Truly, Madly, Deeply. I want to see you running covered in the blood of a loved one while screaming, Done is better than perfect. You can, of course, keep the Crocs, those are on message. But Id prefer to see them sloshing in the entrails of your recent kill. Um… I was at a yogoo class, and I call it yogoo cause I in no way enjoy it or respect it. And– and packed class. One woman had clearly gotten there early. She had a big moat of space around herself. She had all of her blobs and wads and wickets and sticks. And– and, uh, I had gotten there late, so I had to ask her, ‘Hey, could ya scoot your mat? And unfortunately for her, she had a t-shirt on with font large enough for me to read it– the word Compassion. Aw, shit, you gotta scoot the mat, beeatch. [laughs] Oh. Im not the one wearing the t-shirt. If I were to wear any t-shirt, it would be blank on the outside, and then on the inside where only I could see it, itd say, Kickin ass. That would– uh… But has anyone had a fight on the Internet recently? Any fights? Yes, yes? No, no. No. Oh, somebodys trying to raise your hand. Youre about to start a fight. Exciting. -Have you had a fight? Yes? -Sure. Yeah, yeah, whatd you fight about on the Internet? -Hmm. -Green beans. Green beans? For real? [indistinct] Sure– oh, oh, youre just impro– are you– youre a kind improviser. You dont have a strong opinion about green beans, do you? [indistinct] Now, your face. Im reading, Im reading. Im not– Im not a professional, but I can read the body language. Youre just trying to help, I appreciate that. And, uh– and, by helping, sometimes we harm, am I right? I should– I should know that. Im a white woman. [laughs] [applause] How can I get in there? I love the Internet because it is a place of learning and healing, in that Im a dinosaur. Im slipping into the tar of irrelevant redundancy. And, uh– So Im forever horrified by what new thing I may say that will alienate people I care about. So, I– a year and a half ago, I did write an essay and I was hired to write an essay on a topic that I have no personal experience in– satirical. What? And wrote it, put it out there. Some very nice people said to me, Hey Maria, were real disappointed because its trans-phobic, many of the things you said, and, uh, Oh, my God, wow. Apologies all around. I will read some books on gender identity and sexuality. Yay, team! Uh, and then the publishing company, because they still thought it was funny, they didnt want to take it down. And I got the electric experience of getting to teach someone a lesson I just learned! You should be ashamed of yourselves. So, uh, I– I have a friend whos always posting things that are kind of mad, but Im not sure exactly about what. Like, If you know who you are and you do but you get it and you dont, repost but dont like, because you arent a grinder and you dont hustle. I hustle, I grind. Hashtag skincare. I hope this involves multi-level marketing. I want to be on all sides of the argument. Um, do you ever feel like you just want to know that youre– youre a pretty good person? Like, that youre just– youre good as someone everyone considers to be pretty good. You know? You– maybe youre not Santa but youre not the Golden State Serial Killer. Like youre– or maybe youre just better than one person. And I always think its gotta be somebody whos following a religion, whos deeply religious. So then you can go mano-a-mano, and examples from their own philosophy, so you can see whos ahead, like who specifically is winning. Uh… So I called my mom, I said, Mom, youre a Christ-ian. Would you be willing to go with me, three rounds, in your own religion, to see which one of us is the better person? And she said… [imitating mother] What? [normal voice] Round one! These are all stories from the Beeblay I remember as a kid, uh, about how youre supposed to act in the world. First story, Good Samaritan. Jewish guy is left for dead on the side of the road. His two best friends leave him behind cause theyve got time management issues. Uh, a third guy, his sworn enemy, a Samaritan– always the rule of three in the Bible– one, two, then the kicker, just like comedy– and, uh, so the Samaritan, his enemy, stops, puts him on his donkey, rubs him down with oils and herbs and spices. Bibles a lot about spa treatments. And then takes him back to his home, saves his life. So, uh, in Los Angeles, we are, of course, living in a human rights violation. Every few inches is an opportunity to experience the Old Testament. Uh, outside Target, Santa Monica Boulevard. I was out there. Man, uh, my age, six foot five, maybe wed done an improv class together, at some point. I know I did say, Yes, and… to someone of his height and weight And I was doing okay. He, however, was covered in filth. No shirt, no shoes, sores on his feet, uh, catatonic, not aware of any outside stimuli, and a secondary face of snot covering his own face. Heres what I shouldve done, according to the rules of the game. I shouldve gone straight up to him and said, Okay, hello. I know you cant hear me. But Im gonna– youre a big man, but Im gonna flat pack you into my Prius. Thats right. Now Im gonna spray you down with Axe body spray, whatever flavor you want. I would recommend Taboo. Then– then take you back to our house, live with us, and then be his best friend for the rest of his life, especially if he does not want me to be his best friend, cause thats what best friends are fucking for. What did I actually do, in real life? Uh, in real life, first I went into Target to get a couple things that I needed. Then came out, had a $20 bill. I had wet some paper towels down. Put those at this mans feet while stepping away, whispering, Im sorry. Im so, so sorry. And I felt good about that. [imitating announcer] Thats a low bar for Marilyn to clear. Shes armchair quarterbacking it from the sidelines. Marilyn, what would you do on the field in this play? [imitating mother] Oh, honey, you know. You cannot drive yourself crazy. There are organizations to help people like that. what did you get at Target? [normal voice] Round two! The story of Esther. Hot, hot Jewish lady. She wins a beauty pageant to marry the king. She does not tell the king that shes Jewish. The king says, Hey, guess what? I think Im gonna kill all the Jews. And shes like, Oh, shit. Um, guess what, Im Jewish, and so are my friends and family. And he was like, What?! I didnt know Jews were so fuckin hot. Im gonna kill the guy who told me to kill all the Jews. Somebody has to die, this is a childrens book. So, uh, youre supposed to speak truth to power, put yourself in danger on behalf of the voiceless. I would argue the most maligned group of untouchables in Los Angeles are extras. People in the background of film and television. I have many times been an extra. You are left without food, water, bathroom breaks for hours at a time. They throw buckets of Red Vines at you. And most painfully, youre inches away from a tiny, gorgeous group of people who are having all their dreams come true. So, I, uh– I had my own TV show, Lady Dynamite, on Netflix. [cheers, applause] Thank you. [indistinct] Requisite applause break. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you for– thank you. Thank you. Uh, I– uh, heres what I shouldve done, according to the rules of the game. I shouldve made a big speech at the beginning of production. I shouldve said, Netflix, should you massage my kale with avocado and sea salt and lemon, so, too, should you massage the kale of the extras. For that which you scream at the extras, ‘Use the port-a-potties a thousand yards away, so do you scream at me, for I, too, am an extra. Uh, what did I actually do? My very own husband was an extra. He calls me. [imitating Scott] They have us in a van. Uh… its over a hundred degrees in here. The guy wont let us out. Its locked from the outside. Hey, I can– I can see you, can you see me? [normal voice] Oh. Oh, yes, shit, babe, yeah, Ill try to– Ill get somebody over there, but theyre doing my hair. I asked my mom what she wouldve done. [imitating announcer] Pop fly ball to the outfield. Easy catch, Marilyn, but the suns in her eyes. Marilyn, what would you do? [imitating mother] Oh, I mean, if it were me, Id pay to be part of the magic. [imitating announcer] Marilyn in the penalty box with her first lie. Ahem, shes lying. So, round three. Okay, not looking good for my mom. The following is one of the creepiest stories from the Bible, of which there are so many. Uh, please Google the story where the father cant stop touching his daughters feet. Thats from the book of… [gagging] Verse yikes. This story bothered me ever since I was little. Its– okay, it starts out– slave owner. Oh, my God, what? Tells three of his slaves, [imitating surfer dude] Hey, you guys, I just had this great idea. Um, Im gonna give you each a bag of gold, okay? And, um, you do whatever it is you want to do with it, man. No, honey, you do you. No. No, Im not gonna tell you what to do with it. Thats the whole thing! Thats what makes it fun! Im gonna fuck off for seven years. But if I come back and youve done the wrong thing, Im gonna kill you. We good? The first guy is terrified. He does what Id do, buries the gold underground. Keep it safe. Money market funds and CDs. Second guy goes, M-maybe he wants me to risk a little bit of the capital so that the– and make a little profit, but something meaningful from the heart like upcycled wet naps, uh, sew them each into dollhouse quilts. Makes a little money. Third guy says, Uh, Im just gonna buy a factory with the gold, and then Im gonna enslave people myself, force them all to make sweatpants that say ‘Not Today, Satan on the butt. And he becomes a kabillionaire, as he well should. Now, who is the guy who does not die at the end of this story? Its the guy who makes the most money! [woman in audience whoops] [mouths] What? I asked my mom, Mom, so, are you bringing in any cash? Christ just needs cash. Christ needs cash. God is invoicing. [imitating mother] Oh, no, honey, no, you know, I havent been feeling so good, with the chemotherapy and the immunotherapy stuff, some of the lung stuff, so I– were– and were trying to just, you know, enjoy each day. [normal voice] Mom! ‘Cause she can make bank. She used to be a therapist. You dont have to be that good at being a therapist to make a ton of money. I have been paying this one woman, online therapy, 200 bucks a month. She just texted me, Christine, of course youre stressed, you just had a baby. And it was helpful! Of course Im stressed, I just had a baby. [imitating mother] But the lesson is, honey, with that story, is youre supposed to do everything that you can with exactly what you have. [normal voice] Uh-oh. Im not doing that. A lot of comics sell merch after shows. Uh, very thoughtful people have asked me, in a nice way, Hey, Maria. Do you have any merch? To which Ive sometimes said, Uh, why dont you make your own fuckin merch? No, you take a piece of masking tape, you write ‘comedy on it… Slap that on your sock. But, Mom, youre not bringing it in. [imitating mother] I know, Im a drain on the Lords resources. But I was so mad at your father cause I told him, you know, to keep within our budget. He bought organic. He bought all organic, and– but then I had an orange. And it was an organic orange. I want to tell you about this cause it was so good. It was– it made me think of my father… and how we went to Florida when I was five and– so beautiful, and just the trees– and then how much work goes in to harvest– you know, the UFW, United Farm Workers union and Cesar Chavez and the sun. The sun. And the next thing you know, I had eaten the whole peel and the label. [laughs] But I looked it up on Weight Watchers and its still okay, its still no points. The label and the peel are free. [normal voice] So I had to tell her, Mom, I mean, it seems Im a much– three clear rounds. Im a much better person than you are. [imitating mother] Oh, thats good, honey. Well, good for you. [normal voice] Mom, Im a much better Christian than you are. [imitating mother] Oh, well, Im so glad that you remember all those stories. Thats good, thats good. [normal voice] God, Im so much better than you are. Except for the fact that youve raised me thanklessly for 18 years. Youve allowed me to do extremely unattractive impersonations of you for another 35 years, to your face. And youre also not… [imitating announcer] …judging me in public over a microphone. Hat trick, alley-oop, hole in one in the final seconds of the game for Marilyn. [cheers, applause] Its not– Im not a professional. You know, its just– its just– joy is my choreographer. All right. Um… So, uh, I have two hot chunks left, two thick slices. If you need to take care of yourself, if you need to go night-night, you know, uh, please go, youre okay by me. I know, Im grateful that you came here at all. Im grateful for the context you provide. Without your presence, this might seem bizarre. Uh… Im not saying I wouldnt do it. Have you ever looked around your life and thought, Uh-oh… uh, this isnt temporary. [grimaces] This may, in fact, be who I am. I– I like to think of myself as a sophisticate. Um, I get the New York Times and their ten free articles a month. Uh… but its also true that I was recently on a Southwest Airlines flight, middle seat. I had just tremble-spilled my Diet Coke all over myself and my two new friends, and I looked down and I was wearing an outfit that I purchased entirely earlier that day at a San Antonio, Texas, CVS. Hook ‘Em Horns tee, Aztec print poly legging, open toe shower shoe. Id like to think thats a one-off. But thats gonna happen again. I enjoy a last-minute fashion binge at a regional drugstore. ‘Cause they– they got those little crinkle shirts that get so big. [laughs] Theyre doll size, but then they fit. Uh, you know, you have your, uh, publicized version of yourself on Instagram. I dont know what your face is like on Instagram, but, God, do I laugh. God, I am laughing. If Im not laughing, if Im not laughing– and I laugh– if Im not laughing, Im outside, okay? Okay? And if Im not laughing outside, Im with friends and family. Right? Friends and family. Thats who I am. Friends and family. Uh, but while Im looking at those pictures, Im kinda trying to make em move but they wont work cause the layer of sriracha almond dust is so thick. [groaning] And Im very much alone in a 7-Eleven. So, it was no surprise when I found myself on a reality show called Worst Cooks: Celebrity Edition. Whos who of who? [chuckles] Oh. Its myself, Ian Ziering, 90210, one of the kids from Modern Family. Im sorry, I didnt watch it. Uh, Balki from Perfect Strangers. Thats a deep dive. Uh, then LaToya Jackson from 20th century American history. [applause] I lied to get on the show. Eighteen-hour shoots. They said, Can you do it? [winces] I can do four hours, uh, upright and sentient. Then I gotta go home. Too tie-tie. Too tie-tie. And, uh– but I thought, maybe I can do one day. Im on a lot of pharmaceuticals, but I thought, Come on! Come on, Bamford. I made it through the first day. They didnt eliminate anyone. Uh, the second day, I am losing– I start sliding down walls. I– I hid underneath the craft service table for a while, and then I cut myself while gutting the monkfish and I bled into my pizza, and I was on LaToyas team. Shes am– shes 65. She looks 12. I said, LaToya, how are you doing this? And she said… [high voice] Its all in your mind. Shit. Aw, shit. Youre gonna win. And she does. Youre not gonna watch it. Uh… Were on the same team. I cut my pineapples for a pineapple upside-down cake. I hand– handed them to LaToya, and she said… [high voice] Theyre uneven. Do it again. [sleepy voice] LaToya, you know this doesnt matter. And is that how I always am, always making fun of things from the outside, always acting like Im doing half-assed because what if that werent true? What if I was actually doing the best I possibly could and I still failed miserably? Hmm. I did not redo the pineapple slices. But I did say directly into camera my favorite Teddy Roosevelt quote while smashing garlic. [imitating Roosevelt] It is not the critic who counts. It is the man who is in the arena! [cheers, applause] Marred by blood and sweat and tears. The Food Network then re-edited that to… [laughing nervously] The end of the second day, Im dying. I– I asked them if I could leave and they said no. Eighteen-hour day. So I found the youngest person I could on set, and I said, [whispering] Hello. Hello. Were both powerless. Um, do whatever you need to take of yourself. Im gonna start sprinting as soon as we stop talking. Uh, dont worry about me. Ive been fired so many times before, the only backlash Ive ever received has been an enormous rush of relief. So… [cheers, applause] She then did some beautiful kabuki theater of, No, Miss Bamford, please! Dont! That I very much appreciated, and then I wasnt fired cause nobody cared. But, uh, third day, Im not sure. They mustve said something. They took me and Oscar Nuñez aside– from The Office– and they said, Hey, uh– off camera, they said, Hey, youre both terrible. Uh, who wants to go home the most? Ah! God, yes! So, I agreed to fix a salad battle against Daisy Duke, Catherine Bach from Dukes of Hazzard. And, you know, if youre gonna throw a fight, I couldve just taken a raw chicken cutlet, stuffed it in a glass of water and said, Salad. But I did not. And I think thats who I am, as a least-known person on a Food Network reality show, who does the best work when I know Ive already quit. And also cant make it through a third day of work, even for charity. Did I mention it was for charity? Oh, oh, no. Oh, boy. Thank goodness my charity was the National Alliance for Mental Illness. I know they wouldve said, Girl, youre on Seroquel. Go home. Is that something? Should I–? Okay, uh… Uh, so this, uh– this last bit, um, my husband and I, we had a terrible kerfuffle about two years ago. It was awful, so scary. We went to our therapist afterwards, and she said that theres a point when youre in a fight with someone where– its called Saturation point, where you just– you have too many emotions and your blood pressures too high and you must stop. You must stop talking, you must stop– you must distract yourself. Do anything, because otherwise you will say or do something you regret. And, unfortunately, we didnt know that before this fight. Uh, ahem. Uh, emotional architecture for the fight. I have this voice. Its been suggested to me throughout my lifetime that because of it, I might be a dumb-dumb. Which, its okay if I say it, no? I dont know. Uh, but, yeah, I dont want– like seeming incompetent, even though sometimes I am. And, um– and then also a spate of DJs in the 90s would ask me, [low voice] Is the age you sound the age you were molested at? [scattered groans] [high voice] Is this where the healing begins? Oh, I was, uh– [chuckles] I was touched inappropriately as a child, so Im not a fan of being touched, especially at work. A lot of people do this, men and women do this. Uh, its supposed to be comforting, I guess. They touch you by the small of your back, guiding you places. I got guided up to the stage recently. Ah! I know where it is. Um… If that stuff– some people feel comforted by it– if its something you like to do, ask next time. Hey, do you mind if I touch you around the midriff at work? And if I get the okay, then go for it. Uh, so, my husband– wont speak to his experience, just that he grew up in a big family, Philadelphia. Theres no food cause somebody was drinking it all. And though he had a place to live, he would oftentimes, for safety, sleep in the woods. Forty years later, were trying to decide where to put the new TV. Uh… Its a over-100 degree day in Los Angeles. We just moved in together. Uh, setting the scene. A little hot, tired. Shall we put the TV on the fireplace? No, thats where the fire goes. [laughs] Should we put it on that wall? No, thats where were gonna do improv with the dogs, and the dogs can play whatever they want. You know, just because we have a pug and a Chihuahua doesnt mean thats always what they want to be in a scene. Let them identify themselves as a baby or a package. No, all right, lets put the TV in the cozy corner. Oh, my, God. I love you so much. Cozy corner is a cozy couch corner– corner– couch corner for kissing and cuddling. [smooching] Scott leaves, the TV guy comes, he says, Where do you want it? I say… On the fireplace. And as theyre drilling two-and-a-half inch diameter holes in what I now understand to be a hundred-year-old sandstone fireplace– I think to myself, Hmm. Scott comes home, he says, Where is it? I said, Ah. [gasping] Maria, we talked about this for a weird amount of time. Can I not trust you to get things done by yourself? He goes to hug me, but I have begun to scream-cry. Dont you touch me. Dont you dare touch me. And from thence, we wrote together this song about love. Oh, wait, I forgot. Is Scott in here? -Scott, you here? [Scott] What? You gonna come down and sing the song with me? Come on, booboo. [cheers, applause] Yeah! Yay. Yeah, yeah. Look at this guy. [Maria laughs] Ah- ah. [audience cheering] Okay. [laughs] Should we start the song? ? Um, Im on the phone with my mom having lots of laughs ? ? She loves all my new jokes, except for the one about Trump ? [imitating mother] Honey, you could get on a list. [normal voice] Mom, I can say whatever I want. ? No, you cant, yes, I can ? [imitating mother] Honey, you sound speedy. Are you manic? [normal voice] Oh, fuck you! ? Its saturation point ? Its been 20– [laughs] [cheers, applause] ? Its been 20 minutes weve been on the phone ? ? Its saturation point ? We both got toxic, it just got triggered ? ? Ill call you tomorrow, lets just ? ? Shut up ? Im on a trip with some girlfriends ? ? So fun, New Orleans ? Just had dinner, its time for dessert ? ? Marquetta says… ? Hey, its crème brulee ? ? Marquetta says, Hey, no thanks. ? Katie says… ? Its crème brulee ? ? I say something I just read in a womens magazine ? Nothing tastes as good as feeling good feels. Shut the fuck up, Maria. ? Its saturation point ? Its been 72 hours, weve been having a girls time ? ? Its saturation point ? Were all menopausal, we just had martinis ? ? Lets just change the subject ? ? there goes a blue car ? I said things, you said things ? ? We said things ? I said things, you said things ? ? We said things ? I said things, you said things ? ? We said things ? I said things, you said things ? ? We said things [cheers, applause] ? Im on a walk with my husband ? ? So in love with him ? I tell him something Im worried about ? ? He gives unsolicited advice ? ? I say, Hey, I dont feed any feedback ? ? He says… ? What am I, a piece of meat walking beside you? ? Thats actually the definition of listening. ? You say… ? Thats not funny ? I bring up your ? Dead dad ? Saturation point ? Lets both take our phones, lets watch animal videos ? ? The one with the dog and the monkey ? ? The mouse and the cat ? The duck and the chicken ? The turkey and the turtle ? Lets just shut up ? I love you, you love me, lets just ? ? Shut up ? I love you, you love me, lets just ? ? Shut up [imitating mother] Hey, honey, theres this great new book I read about by a comedian, and it just won a prize. A memoir by a comedian, it won a prize. [normal voice] Oh, Im sorry, Mom. Is that the daughter you wanted? ? I love you, you love me, lets just shut up ? ? I love you, you love me, lets just shut up ? Hey, dad, what did you think of my TV show? [imitating father] Ahem, what– whatever you need to do for money. ? I love you, you love me ? ? Just shut up [normal voice] Uh, lets just talk about something else, like how dogs– dogs– some people say they dont like wearing hats, -but I– they do. -They do. Yeah, like ours get a little smile. Yeah. [high voice] I love wearing a hat. Did you hear that? The dog said it. Himself. He loves wearing hats. ? I love you, you love me. Good night, thank you so much. Thank you. [cheers, applause] Thank you so much for coming out. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Good night, thank you so much! Thank you! [cheers, applause continue] Thank you so much. Can you guys do an example of caring and sharing? Like, just with something, you know– just with your past week. Im the only one who ever brings up a complaint or a concern. And so your– Marilyn never has brought up a concern. Oh, thats not true. Uh, so, anyway. I dont do it anymore. If anybody wanted to learn more about that whole business of caring and sharing, they could go to a workshop at [indistinct] in Northern California. Thats what we did, and it was pretty great. But you guys dont do it. Yes, we do do it. You dont do the shar– the part where you say the concern. But we dont have– if we dont have a big resentment. But Dad just said he stopped saying his sharing because– Because its a one-way street, yeah. -A one-way street. -Yeah. -Well, okay. [laughing] Im not gonna make anything up just to take care of him. And thats that. Oh, huh. Well, there it is.

TOM SEGURA@BALL HOG@2020@[crowd cheering, applauding] [whistling] [whooping] How you doing? No shit. Thank you, thank you. How you guys doing? All right. Thank you very much. Its great to be in Austin, Texas. Um… [crowd cheers] Yeah. When I do the road, I leave a wife and two small kids, and, uh, shes… shes pretty attached, you know. Um… [crowd laughing] She cries when I leave. [laughs] Like… [crowd laughing] …all the time. Yeah, she does. I leave, and shes like… [tearfully] Its gonna be hard when youre gone. And then I have to do, like, an acting exercise, and Im like… [tearfully] Its gonna be hard for me, too. You know? Its not hard. [laughs] Its fun. I just did it backstage on the phone, like five minutes ago. Shes like… [tearfully] Im all alone at the house. And I was like… [tearfully] Im all alone out here. You know? No, Im not. Yeah. Shes great. Shes great. I love her. I love the kids more, but I do love her. Well, its a different love, you know? Like, I dont want to fuck the kids. So theres a start. Thats good, Tom. So… It is beyond your capacity to explain how much you end up loving your kids. It is. And, like, now Im on that side of it, so I get to be amused by people who dont have kids who swear that they get it. Thats my favorite. Like, to hang out with a friend who doesnt have any kids, and hes like, Yeah, man, I see that you love your kids. I totally know what youre feeling because… I love my dog. And Im like, Yeah. No. Im not diminishing pet love. Pet love is real. [woman] Yes! Absolutely. Ive had pets my entire life. Its the best. Ive rescued animals. I encourage you to do it. I have a dog that I adore. But here is the difference between my love for that dog and my kids. If that dog were to hurt one of my kids, immediately and without question… I would drown that dog, right? And I mean, through yelps like… [yelping] Id go… [grunts] Like that. And then I would give it to my son. Id be like, Remember when that hurt you? I killed it. Hed be like, What the fuck… am I supposed to do with this dead dog? And Id go, I dont know. Maybe learn to stand up for yourself so I dont have to do shit like that, all right? I know. Its a very divisive joke. It has been… the entire tour. Um… I think it sets up the audience into two camps, you know? People who are like, Dont do the yelp. [yelps] It makes it real. Then other people who are like, Do the yelp. Thats my favorite shit, man. And… you know who you are. Yeah. Dude, having kids makes you do crazy shit. Im not even proud of some of the things Ive done, all right? Last year was the first time I ever had somebody bully one of my kids. I didnt respond well. This is what… I took my older son to a park. He was two and a half. The cutest little fucking kid. And he walks into the park, and he walks up to a playground set. And, as he walks up to it, he steps on it, and an older kid… Meaning four. He goes, You cant play with that. Thats mine. And I go, Ill kick your chest through your back. And he goes, What? And I go, Ill stomp you out right now! So hes crying. Im laughing. Everybodys gathered around, right? You cant do that. You cant do anything to a shitty kid. You can curse a lot around them. Not to them. Thats an important distinction. Around them, and then you fantasize about them repeating it at home and getting in trouble, and thats very satisfying, all right? But, you know, you gotta put rhythm to it, or they wont remember, cause theyre just dumb fucking kids. So youve got to be like, ? Shit, piss, motherfucker Cunt, my balls ? ? Lick my dick, eat my ass ? And the kidll be like… Whats that? Id be like, Go tell your mom. Thats what that is. As they walk by, you can get in one accidental hit. Ive tried it, but its got to… As theyre passing, you know. Like that, and then theyll be like… [tearfully] ? Shit, piss Motherfucker, cunt, my… ? You ever meet somebody, and theyre so boring, you feel like they poisoned you? Like… youre talking to them, and youre like, I feel like Im dying right now. And I think you did it. This guys name is Craig. I met him… [laughs] I made sure to get it. I was like, Im gonna remember you for the rest of my life, man. He– I met him at the bank. Is he a bank teller? No. Is he a security guard? Nope. Whats his job? I dont know. Whatever they call that guy that stands in the lobby… of banks now. Where you walk in, and youre like, Do you work here? And hes like, I think so. That guy. The lobby liaison. Well, I saw him. We made eye contact. I dont know how you work. For me, if we make eye contact… During the day. Not at night. But during the day… [laughs] …out of human decency, I acknowledge you. So thats what I did. We made eye contact, and I go, How you doing? And he went… And I was like, Okay, so… Then I get to the second set of doors to walk in. And, as I reach for that door, I hear, uh, You going to the bank? I go, Is this still a bank? He goes, Yeah. I go, Id like to. And he goes, Go for it. And I was like… Okay. Thanks. And then I reach back… and he goes, Im going to Virginia next week. Are you telling me that? He goes, You said, ‘How you doing? when you got here. I had to think about it. Thats what Im doing. I go, Thats the craziest shit Ive ever heard anybody say. And also not how that question works, but all right. And now I reach back, and now he goes, Yeah, my sister lives there, and Im like… How long has she lived there? Now Im roped in. He goes, Fifteen years. And I go, Youve never been? And he goes, Uh-uh. Now Im starting to look at him like, Hey, man, do you drive to work or… does somebody drop you off? You know what I mean? I think he… [laughs] Yeah. I think he could see it in my face… because, out of nowhere, he goes, I drive. I was like, Thats cool, man. Thats cool. I drive, too. Thats crazy. Uh… I gotta get in here. He goes, Yeah, were gonna check out DC, and were gonna see some monuments. I go, I would love to hear about it, but I have to make a deposit. He goes, Ill be here when you walk out. I go, You motherfucker. Fuck that guy. And fuck everybody like him. If you have the audacity to tell people how youre doing when they say, How you doing? that shit is rude and selfish, all right? Im serious. There are two acceptable answers to How you doing? Fine and great. And if youre miserable, you say, Fine. You dont burden people with your real-world problems during a courteous exchange. Yeah. Its true. You know why? Because nobody wants to hear your problems. Your problems make my dick soft, and I am trying to stay hard out here. Now… You know whos got a good system going on? Rodrigo Duterte, the president of the Philippines. [laughs] Yeah, well, if youre not aware, the president of the Philippines is a super cool guy, and… he has a lot of fun ideas. [laughs] One of them is that he employs motorcycle murder squads… to go out and kill people on sight. No arrest, no trial. Who does he do it to? Drug dealers and suspected drug users. Suspected. Do you know how many tired people die every day in Manila? Isnt that crazy to you? You can walk out of your house at five in the morning, like, Oh, shit. And then you hear… [revving] Youre like, Oh. Im up! They roll up next to you, You high? Youre like, I just got up. Theyre like, Mm, youre high. Pow. Kill you. Its horrific. Its reprehensible. And I hope that we adopt it here. Not… Not for drug usage, obviously. I think we should reserve it for people who have public speakerphone conversations with their phones in front of their face like this. [crowd cheering] You know? Yeah. Who are these people just walking around, oblivious to the world around them? Youre waiting in line to buy a coffee, you have to hear a fascinating, two-way tale amplified. Its always like… [in distorted voice] Where were you last night? [gibbering] [continues gibbering] [retches] Slice their fucking throat, right in line. Kick the the body. Can I have a coffee? So… Too violent? I get it. So… You know whose balls Id love to slam in a mailbox… for 20 minutes straight? Grown men who board 6:00 a.m. flights who have never seen clouds before. I dont know… if… youve ever had the good fortune of boarding an early morning flight where theres an unspoken agreement, Were gonna keep it nice and dark so we can rest along the journey. But theres always some TikTok in 16C… [crowd cheering] Yeah. One guy whos sitting there, whos like, Ive never seen a cloud like that. Oh! Theres another one right there. Are you fucking four? Shut the shade, tit-slap. Were trying to get some rest. And people who put stick figures and the names of their family members on the rear windshields of their car. They should be publicly executed… in their car so we can keep score on the window, you know. Isnt that insane to you? Dont you have any protective instincts? I mean, its crazy. You pull up at a random red light, and the car in front of you is like, Its funny that you didnt ask, but… inside are Mommy and Daddy… and Brian and Marissa. And theres a soccer ball next to Brian… because Brian loves soccer. Oh. Does Brian love getting molested? Because… you put his name and favorite thing out there as bait to society. Are you out of your goddamn mind? Why dont you put your home address and his daily schedule right fucking next to it? Brians up at six, home at one, bath at seven. [giggles] Come over if you want to join us. Its not okay. [sighs] Guys… have you ever thought about how many times you may have slept with your significant other? You shouldnt know the answer. So let me just start there. All right? If you do, thats terrifying, and… wed like you to leave. Yeah. If youre sitting here like, Finally, somebody asked. Its 926! Theres the exit. What Im saying… Im saying, as a concept, it is reasonable to assume, if youve been with somebody three years, you have a healthy thing going on, you may have slept together a few hundred times. Right? Right. Now, I want you to think about how many times your dad… has finished inside of your mom. So many times! [in Southern accent] Tom, why would you say that? Well, basically, I think all of our moms are a bunch of cum dumpsters, you know, but… Your mom more than my mom. Now… Ew, I know, its a tough image to get out of your head once Ive planted it, right? Youre like, Goddamn it, my moms dripping? Probably, yeah. Soaking wet. Look… your mom has done some nasty shit. Lets talk about it. [laughs] She really has. And, uh… Look, Im here to defend her, all right? It is not her fault. Its your dads fault, for sure. Your dad, with all due respect, is kind of a piece of shit. A little bit! And if youre like, Not my dad. Hes good… Yeah, to you. Hes not always like that to your mom. If theyve been together three decades, you dont think he says some off-colored shit… every now and then? Of course he does. Theyre laying in bed. Your dads tossing and turning. He cant sleep. [grunting] And your poor mother, Is everything all right, dear? Its fine. Was supper good? Yeah. Shut up, Im trying to sleep. Can I do anything to help? Yeah. You can lick my balls, all right? You want to know something? Your poor mother, she does it, all right? She… Because shes a ball hog. So your mom gets down there… [weeps] [weeps] And she goes, I like my life. [weeping] Oh, your mom. Now… Your grandma. Think about some of the things that shes done. On the railroad tracks or wherever she used to fuck around. [laughs] El Paso. I dont know. Uh… Youre like, Why are you saying this stuff, Tom? ‘Cause Im having fun. [laughs] Because I enjoy upsetting people. [laughs] Yeah. I dont know what it says about me psychologically, but there is… I dont know, theres, like, a marching band inside of me right now, going, Good job, good job. Yeah. ‘Cause, internally, I picture somebody out there going like, I was having fun… until he talked about my slut mom. And it makes me happy. I dont know. Itll upset somebody, and theyll try to tell me. I say theyll try to tell me cause theyll send me a message that Ill never read and… No, no, I used to. I used to read them all. And it took me a long time to figure out you shouldnt read every message. I dont think any performer should digest everything sent their way. And I didnt know that for a long time, you know, and I wish I had known that cause it kind of gets to you, you know? The first time I actually got in trouble for saying something was about five years ago. I got in trouble for saying Gypsy on television. Yeah. I didnt say anything nice about them, so let me… rephrase it. [laughs] I was just like… I was on a show. I was like, Who doesnt hate Gypsies? And then… everybody on the show was like, Were with you, but… afterwards, they found out. And they reached out. Like the president of the Gypsies… sent me a message. I guess she stole someones phone. So she sent me this message. [crowd laughing, applauding] We can tell who travels. So, uh… she sent me this message. She was like, You said the G-word on tele– I was like, Huh? The G-word? Im a grown man. And this is over e-mail. Shes being a real B-word. And so… I didnt want to push her, make her a C-word. You know what I mean? Where my N-words at? All right, well, look… Hey, man… its modern comedy, get with the program. Now… Then she went on. She goes, Well, just so you know, were very proud of our ethnicity. And I was like, Yeah, you should be. I mean, you have nothing else. [laughs] I hope youre good at camping. [laughs] Hey, I was giving her a compliment. I was saying, I enjoy your ethnic pride, because youve earned it. And frankly, I dont think everybody has. All right? Every groups like, Were the best. No, youre not. Its impossible for everybody to be the best. Im serious. Every group, theyre like… [gibbering] No. I mean, just as an example, okay, just to, like, lay this out: How many people in the room, lets say, are Italian for instance? -[crowd cheers] -Okay. Now, arent the rest of you a little sick of hearing from them? Like… Right? Hey, were the best! Fucking pasta! Youre like, All right. So… Pastas Chinese. Calm down. Now… Anyways, after that, I kept reading messages. Reading, reading, reading. And then a little while ago, I got, in one six-week period, 200,000 e-mails and messages just from the state of Louisiana, over jokes that I had told in a special. Now… if you dont know, I had a joke in a previous special… -and… [crowd cheering] Yeah, its fine. It was a very silly joke. The joke essentially was I said, You know what? We should build a wall in this country, but we should build it around that dumb fucking state. That was my joke. Now… Look, Im so dumb, I was like, Everybody will like that joke. No, they dont. Not the people you made it about. I got so many misspelled death threats and, uh… I was like, Is this Creole? What the hell are they trying to tell me? I got asked about it so much, I was on the news about it… that I just volunteer it now, okay? So heres the truth. I never would have shit on them as hard as I did if I had been to Arkansas, which I now have. What? What! What… a fucking dump that place is. I think, when people flush their toilets in Louisiana, it all comes up in Arkansas. It… It smells like broken dreams and buttholes and… a little bit of barbecue, but… Heres whats fascinating. Most of you will never experience this, but if you ever offend a large group of people, like, lets say, an entire state… you end up learning a lot about them. You dont want to. But they insist, so… Yeah. I know everything about Louisiana now. Its the worst. Im like an unofficial historian on the place I least want to go to. I mean, their state motto runs through my head like its the Dow Jones ticker, all day, every day. Its, Louisiana, where people smoke in their cars with their babies. And… [mumbling] Arkansass is, You done with that baby? So… Hmm? What are you gonna do with it? Were gonna eat it. What do you mean? Sooey! Now… I also got a lot of messages from the Down syndrome community. That was fun. Heres the truth about that. People with Down syndrome write much more coherently than people from Louisiana. So… We were able to have a dialogue. [laughs] And I think Ive grown and matured since then. Im serious. I think I have. I think, for instance, right now, today, I think it is both lazy and antiquated to say, Are you fucking R-worded? R-E-T-A-R… You get it. And heres why. I think, when I say that, what Im trying to say is, Are you an idiot? Are you an imbecile? Are you stupid? And that is not the right word for that. The right word for that is Cajun. So thats what Im gonna start saying… from now on. So fuck you again. Thats my point. Now… [crowd cheering, whistling] Yeah. But Ill tell you this. I want you to know something. I am not one of these comedians who goes, I dont understand why people ever get upset about anything. [gibbering] Like the dumbest perspective you can have. I totally understand. I think you have a right to be offended by whatever offends you, and I think you have a right to express it. I do not think, however, that you have a right to expect anyone to do anything about it. -[crowd cheering] -Yeah. Just like if you express any of your other feelings. Like if youre like, Im horny. Im hungry. Im tired. Id be like, Wow, you got a lot of shit going on. Sounds like you need to jerk off, eat a sandwich, and take a nap. And… thats on you. I mean, Ill give you a little tug to get you started, but… Im not gonna finish. And I also think I should have the right to respond, you know? Yeah, thats how it should work. I say something, you say something, I say something, and it continues. So Ill say this. I am not put out by outraged culture, okay? Im serious. Doesnt affect me. Because I deal with emotionally fragile people every day. See, I have two kids, and… they bring me their problems. They do. And I speak to them about them. I speak to them differently than I would normally speak to you. You know, theyll come up to me, and my older one will be like… [whining] Its loud… over there. And Ill be like… Is it? Well, then dont go over there. He goes, Okay. And I go, Okay. And then I go, Mwah, and I kiss him on the head. And thats how Im gonna start speaking to adults who tell me theyre offended by jokes during comedy shows. So… [crowd cheering] -Yeah. The best part is that you dont have to agree. Thats the great thing about living in this country. You dont have to agree, but youll know where I stand. So if you come up to me, and youre like, I was deeply hurt by what you said during your ha-ha show… Ill be like, Oh, were you? Well, you should never hear things you dont like, so you stay home now. Mwah. And Ill kiss you on the head. That being said, do you ever wonder what kind of slave owner you would have been? Now… Not now! I mean, its 1831, youre white, you live… exactly where you live right now. You guys are like, We dont want to play this game. All right, well… Fuck it, Ill play. Uh… I know how I would have been. I mean, I love buying cars now. I know we have three, but look at this fucking guy! All right, well… Hey, if you didnt like that joke… [clicks tongue] …dont think about it. Now… Women. [laughs] Do you feel like youre almost equal citizens? Because you are not. Now… Im on your side. I didnt say you shouldnt be. I said youre not, because I have eyes. Youre not. You dont sense the great imbalance that we live with? Men get paid more to do the same work that you do. Advantage, men. Women get mad at us for things we do in their dreams. Advantage, women. Isnt that some shit? When youre at breakfast and youre like, Why is she looking at me like that? Shes like, You were a dick in my dream last night. And youre like, Okay, all right. Are you serious? I would like to apologize… for what I did in your dream last night. Shes like, Thank you. And youre like, All right, Im gonna get the fuck out of here. See, I think the power dynamic that we live with was set by a man. Obviously. I think he was gonna make it equal. I really believe that. And I think the day he was going to set it up, he was leaving his house, and his wife stopped him at the door. And she was like, You know, you were titty fucking a brunette in my dream last night. And he was like, You know what? No. Youre gonna answer the phones. Thats what youre gonna do. And he walked away. [laughing] Okay. Dont accurately joke about our culture. All right. [laughs] Really? Thats not funny either? You dont think theres a couple people in here who are like, I do answer the phones. Like, is that funny to you? [laughs] On Monday, shell be like, Hi, thank you for… Oh, fuck him. Fuck that guy. Right? Sometimes, you witness the power imbalance play out in front of you between the genders in a grotesque fashion. Of course, when I say the genders, I am only speaking of two of the several hundred that now exist. I would like it to be clear where I stand. I have no problem calling anybody anything they wish to be called. It is no burden on me. You can identify as a shoelace if you want to. And I will call you Zippedy Zim-zir if you ask me to. Do I think its a little silly? Yeah. But so is badminton, and thats an Olympic event. You know? So… Heres what happened. I was shooting a movie a few months back, and one day, we wrapped up kind of early from filmmaking. It was late afternoon. And I walk off set, and I notice theres a bar across the street. I go, Im gonna walk into this bar, have a drink, go back to the hotel. Simple enough, right? I walk in, I see a woman seated at the bar, doing what I can only describe as weird shit. If youre like, What do you mean, Tom? Well, I think theres a normal spectrum of behavior that you see from one seated at a bar. You know, if you see them seated there, you might see them go like this, or, like, Hey, or maybe even… [imitating laughter] This lady is seated at the bar, and shes going… Im like, Is she making fudge? What is she doing over there? I also noticed it late. Like, I noticed it as Im walking past it. That happens sometimes, right? Like you walk, you see something as youre passing it. Youre like, Thats some crazy shit, and you keep walking. And then youre like, I need to see that again. I dont know how Im gonna see it again. Now Im dead center, and I see that a woman, to be clear, is in public, 4:30 in the afternoon, and she is sitting there fucking… Peeling her potato. I dont know. Um… Playing with her pussy. You know what Im trying to say. And she is not hot, if youre wondering. If youre like, Was she super hot? No, she wasnt. And because of that, I tattletaled immediately. You know whats up. So… I go to the bouncer. I go, Excuse me. That not-model over there… is diddling herself at the bar. And this big, yoked dude looked, and he goes… [babbling] I go, Yeah, talk to her. And he goes, Mm-mm. Im like, Excuse me? He goes, I dont want anything to do with that shit. Im like, I dont think anybody does. Theres a woman masturbating at the bar. Hes like… [groans] Like hes put out by my outrageous request. Hes like, All right, man, Jesus Christ. So he gets up, he walks, like, halfway there, turns around, he goes, Yeah, I couldnt do it, man. I go, You have to. So he calls over the hostess. This cute little 22-year-old thats like, Whats up, guys? He goes, Handle that. Shes like, Okay. She goes over there, super polite, which is fucked up… considering the circumstances. I cant hear her, but I can read her body language. Shes like, Hi. And shes like, Everybody can see you. And then she goes, Stop it. Stop. And she goes, You promise? [laughs] Then she goes, Thank you. And she comes back, and she goes, Shes stopped. Im like, She finished, or she stopped? She goes, She stopped. And I go. Okay. Im like, Wait, is she allowed to stay? And she goes, Yeah. I go, Why? And she goes, Because she stopped. I go, Im sorry, would I be allowed to stay… if I was just sitting at your bar, just kind of toying with the top? You know, like… Would you tap me on the shoulder and be like, ‘Excuse me. Will you put your leaky dick back in your pants? Thanks. You want some chicken fingers or a Sprite or something?' I say, Youd call the SWAT team, and they would rappel into the building. Someone would crack my fucking head on the side of the bar, and youd have a parade as my corpse was carried out. And she goes, Youre right about that. [sighs] Maybe Im overreacting. I dont know. I dont jerk off in bars. Years ago, I wouldnt find it necessary to make that statement, but in light of all the recent scandals, I dont jerk off in bars. Now… Its another reason I stopped reading messages from people. I keep getting messages all the time. People were like, Hi, big fan. Uh, dont sexually assault anyone so I can still be your fan. Huh? First of all, ride or die, bitch. [crowd laughing, cheering] Yeah. I dont want no half-steppers in my crew. Secondly… what am I supposed to write back? Good looking out, bro. I was about to until I read your e-mail, Kyle. Fuck you, Kyle. You dont have to worry about me. I dont jerk off in public. [laughs] Its not what Im into. Im into something else. Heres what it is. Uh… [laughs] -You guys are like, Okay… [woman] Yeah! All right, yeah. [woman] Yeah! If you ever want to hear me masturbate… all you have to do is call me and tell me you cant make it to our dinner plans. Ill start stroking right then and there. I am not social. I fucking love that call. That is my favorite call. I lo– Especially if its as Im leaving the house, Im gonna have multiple orgasms, okay? When Im walking out of the house, and Im like, I dont want to fucking go out with them, and then they call and theyre like, We cant make it, Im like, Keep talking. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why? Well, we were in a car accident. Im like, Oh. Are you okay? You are, but youre still not coming to dinner. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. All right, clean it up, Tom. You got it. So… So Im a dad. [snickering] And, uh… I, um… Ive changed some. Not too much. You have to change a little bit. You know, theres an expression, Having kids changes you. I think… Personally, I think it should be modified to, Having kids should change you. Its a big-time red flag when you meet somebody whos like, Yeah, Ive had four kids. I havent changed at all. Youre like, Youre super unstable. Thats good to know. They dont have to be huge changes. But, you know, you kind of evaluate your life and you make a change. Me, personally, Im very proud of what I changed. I realized when I had kids, I had no time, no energy. I need to edit something out of my life. You know what I edited out of my life? Arguing with everyone. Every friend, every family member. I just dont engage. As soon as it starts, I flip it on them, okay? As soon as Im arguing with somebody, and theyre like, Yeah, I dont really agree with you, I go, Yep. Im on your side now. Theyre like, What? I go, As soon as you spoke, I came around and joined you. Thats how little I want to talk to you. And Im free. It feels great. Now… Not everybody likes it. Ill tell you, my own mother is not a fan. [laughs] She lives for arguing. There are some people built like that. She lives for, you know, combative things. She wants to just fucking stab and twist, turn. She loves it. Shes also a dream crusher, which is… my least favorite quality in a human being. You know a dream crusher? The person who, no matter what you say you want to do or try, theyre like, Mm-mm. Not you. And youre like, Its good to have you around, you know? Those stay with you. Right? I bet you me just bringing it up brings them to your own memory. Thats how powerful they are. I remember… I do remember telling her, Im going to LA to do stand-up. This is years ago. I say it to her. Im going to LA to do stand-up. Her response was… [in Spanish accent] You should go to the post office. I was so naive. I was like, They do stand-up shows at the post office? She goes… [in Spanish accent] No, to work. I was like, Oh, no, stand-up would be the work. And she goes… [in Spanish accent] I understand. I was like, Wait a minute. Am I telling you my dream, and then youre saying, ‘Go be a mailman? And she was like… [in Spanish accent] Yes. Okay. Now I do all right. You know, I make a good living. She knows about it. Obviously. She hits me up for shit constantly, but… I still get to have some fun. Like, do you know what I sent my mother just a few weeks ago for her 75th birthday? A book of fucking stamps. And… I put a little note in there. I got these at work today. [imitating laughter] Like that. [crowd cheers] Yeah. Dont feel badly. She gets hooked up. So… Yeah, shes such a dick, but… [laughing] She is. I dont like that dream-crushing shit. I really dont. Im the opposite. Im a dream encourager. If you come to me with a crazy idea, then Ill really celebrate, okay? I love people who have just outrageous dreams. Ive put that out there now. Now people walk up to me all the time, like, I want to open a hot dog stand where you can buy boots. Im like, All right, lets figure it out. I like it, and Ill tell you this, I want you to have crazy dreams. Im serious. I really do. Ill give you the best advice, sincerely, not a joke, that I ever got about pursuing a dream. And I hope it applies to all of you, okay? Heres the truth. I think– This is true. As long as you accept that your dream might not go exactly as you plan, you will still feel fulfilled by the pursuit of your dream. So always go after whatever you want to do. Otherwise, whats the point in living, right? Yeah. Now, to further that point, Ill tell you this. I remember, two years ago, Im sitting at a café in Los Angeles for lunch. I sit down. As I sit down, my friend, I can hear her audibly say, I cant believe Im thinking that. And I go, Thinking what? And she goes, Oh, nothing. I go, What is it? She goes, Its embarrassing. And I go, Just tell me. She goes, If I tell you, youll make fun of me. And I go, I always make fun of you. Just say it. She goes, Its just something I want to keep inside. I go, You said you want to do it. So say it, then you can make it happen. She goes, I dont want to. I go, If you dont put it out in the universe, itll never happen. Youve gotta say it. What is it? And she goes, Okay. I want to blow somebody in the Wu-Tang Clan. Now, I immediately think… What would my mom say? You know? And I tell myself, Dont be like Mom. This is this girls dream. So I look her dead in her eyes… and I go, You should try. Theres a bunch of them. Thats what I said. Now… Three months later… she got on their tour bus… and she told them, and guess what? They all accepted. If you are not familiar, there are nine guys… in the Wu-Tang Clan. Nine. [laughing] So many guys. Thats so many– Can we park for a moment… at how many dicks nine is? I dont even understand how anyones sitting in their seat right now. Theres people out here like, Hmm, what else you got? Are you shitting me? Thats not a lot? Close your eyes… and picture nine dicks. Youre like, God, theyre everywhere. Yeah, cause theres nine of them. Thats why. Im not slut-shaming. Im saying, objectively, nine is a lot of anything. Like, if I was like, I had cinnamon rolls today. And youre like, How many did you have? I had nine. You need me to take you to the emergency room or…? Youre gonna lose a foot by the morning. We should go. Nine dicks? Are you fucking shitting me? Some of you, it took you 15 years to get to nine dicks. This was a Thursday for this young lady. Try to imagine the physical labor involved… with blowing nine probably not small dicks. If youre not aware, the Wu-Tang fellas dont look like me, all right? That is some CrossFit shit at that level. If you think burpees are rough, try… Am I doing good? Do you like me now? After how many do you think she was like, Lets take a little break for a second. [whimpering] What the fuck am I doing? Why are they so mean about it? [laughs] How many is that? Four! Fuck! Am I done? And theyre like, No, youre not done! U-God, RZA, Rae, Ghost, Meth. No, youre not done! Shes like, But my neck hurts. And theyre like, Youve got to protect ya neck. Dont you listen to our music? [crowd cheering] Yes. Yes. That is a top-shelf Wu-Tang blowjob joke. Now… [sighs] She was a real animal, you know. I asked her one time, I was like, If you could go back to that day and do anything differently, what would you have done? And she said, Id have skipped lunch. So… [crowd groaning, laughing] Yeah. Philly girl, what are you gonna do? Now… [laughs] What were we talking about before? Oh, yeah, my mom. So… [laughs] Heres how I stopped arguing with her. I hope, if youre in a similar situation with a parent, you have an epiphany the way I did. Heres the circumstance, right? She calls me, late last year. There were fires in LA. And she goes… [in Spanish accent] Tommy… Shes not local, if you dont know yet. If youre like, Why does she talk so fucking weird? Uh… Shes from South America. Peru, to be specific. Okay. [crowd cheers] So she calls me, and she goes, Tommy… And I go, Yeah? She goes, The fires, they are bad? And I go, Yeah. Usually theyre good, but this is a bad one. And she goes, People are dying? I go, If theyre in the fire, yeah. Its fire. And she lives in Florida, so she goes, You have fires, we have hurricanes. People are dying everywhere. And I go, Sounds like you have the news on. Is there anything else you want to report? And she goes, I think its happening for a reason. And I go, It is. Theyre called weather patterns. And she goes, No. I think God is trying to send us… a message. Thats what I do. I go… [laughs] I go, Whats the message? She goes, I think hes trying to tell us to be better people. You know when somebody says something, and you can feel with certainty that youre gonna argue with them? Like, as words leave their lips, youre like, Im gonna light you up pretty hard. I could feel seething anger growing, and I could hear my own argument in my head. I could hear my own voice say, You mean to tell me that our all-knowing and all-loving and all-present God is setting people on fire… and drowning them in hurricanes so that we hug more? This is the stupidest shit I have ever heard in my entire life. [crowd cheering, applauding] But… right before I said it, I had that moment. I had that thought where I go, What is the point? Why argue with this demon woman? You know? Just let Lucifers sister have her way. Youre not gonna change her mind. So, for the first time in my life, I took a deep breath, and I just went, Yeah. I can see why he would do that. [sighs] Hope he stops killing us. [forced laughter] And she knew. She goes, What? I go, You make a good point, and she goes, Why are you doing this? Why are you… Meaning, Why arent you arguing with me? I go, Mom, I dont know. Who cares? Youre right. Im wrong. So what? And she goes, Tommy, do you know what? I go, What? She goes, I always knew you were a little bitch, Tommy. And I go, What? And she goes, Chao, puto, and she hung up the phone. Thats my mother. Okay, heres how I got her back. Its pretty fun. Uh… I never curse her out. As much as I say crazy things, I never curse… Even if Im really mad, I cant do like, Fuck you! I cant do it. It doesnt sit right. I prefer psychological warfare, you know? Yeah. I like knowing that I can ask my mother a question, and the mere mention of that question might terrorize her mind for years to come. So I decided I would ruin one of her days. So I chose Christmas. So heres what I did, okay? [laughing] Christmas morning, my parents and their five dogs are at my house. My mother is in a fantastic mood, okay? She is a Latina woman on Christmas morning. You dont understand this type of joy, all right? Shes, like, cooking and dancing. Shes like… [vocalizing] ? Baby Jesús is here today ? Just doing her spic shit, you know, so… Its my mom. Okay, so… I see her. [laughing] Yeah. I go, Mom. And she goes, Yes? Like, I could feel the joy coming off her, and Im like, Nows a good time. I go, Mom, have you ever thought about how youre gonna have to bury each one of those dogs? [crowd gasps] She goes, Why would you say that? And I go, I dont know. I go, Do you ever think about -what youll do if Dad dies before you? -[woman] Oh, my God! She goes… [tearfully] No. Ive never thought about this. And I go, Well, Im asking you, so… think about it. And she goes, I will pray… and I will hope to die the same day. I go, Thatd actually be super convenient. Like as far as… planning the funerals and going over the wills. If you can pull it off, I think wed all be on board. She goes… [sobbing] Merry Christmas, Tom. I go, Merry Christmas to you too. And… my dad is sitting two feet away. He hasnt heard one word of the conversation. Hes just in dad mode, checked out, staring at ceiling lights. You know, like… You call his attention, it just snaps him out of a flashback. Im like, Hey, Dad– Yeah! Jesus. I asked him the same thing. I go, Hey, man, have you ever thought about what youd do if Mom dies before you? He goes, I like blondes, and I like big tits, buddy. Sounds like youve been thinking about that quite a bit. And he goes, Every night, pal. Every night. Im just like… [laughs] You guys have different dreams, I guess. That guy. Oh, my God. Nothing like men in their 70s, right? [groans] My dads at that really cool place in his life where he says things that are true that provide relief to no one. Like, this week I call him up, and Im like, Whats up? He goes, You know, gays dont bother me. And I was like… Thats good. He goes, Theyre just living their life. Why would I get upset? And Im like, I dont know. And then its just quiet on the phone. Im like, Are we done talking right now? Hes like, No, Im just thinking. Oh, its fun to listen to… as you breathe into the… [breathing heavily] And he goes, Your mother and I are going on a cruise. And I go, Okay, have fun. And I ask him, I go, Which cruise line? And he goes, Carnival. And Im like, Wait, isnt that, like, the party cruise? And my dads response… I swear on my children… was, Buddy, theres no other way to say it. I love watching black people have fun. What? I mean, we all do, but to say it out loud? Its fucking crazy. Can you picture my dad on the aftdeck of a Carnival cruise, just like… Those blacks are having fun. Lets get some food. This is fun. [laughs] All right, lets get serious. Guys, I think its time we have to start taking better care of the environment. All right? Yeah. [crowd cheering] Absolutely. And I think that responsibility falls on the poor. And heres why. Youre already in my trash. How about you separate the glass from the plastic? [crowd laughing, whistling] Yeah. It sounds like theres some poor people over here. And thats fucking disgusting. Now… Heres what I know for sure. Poor people love the Bible, okay? And they love it because its the only book you get for free. Now… Try getting another book for free. Let me know how that shit goes. Can you imagine being so dumb… that youre superstitious? Imagine being so impossibly stupid. Personally, I have nothing but contempt for all superstitions and all superstitious people. I hate all of them. I hate riding in the car with someone whos like, Were about to drive over a bridge. [gasps, grunting] Like, Im gonna get out of the car, and I hope you drive off this bridge. I really do. Theyre all dumb. Its 11:11. [imitating laughter] Make a wish. I wish you would drink a smoothie of cyanide and broken rocks. Thats what I wish. They should all upset you, but theres one that should make you march in the streets. Im serious. I cannot believe that we live in this incredibly wealthy, developed nation, and, collectively, we all just accept that hotels, even some office buildings, just dont have to have a 13th floor. Like, do you understand… that were throwing away sequential numbers because people are like… [muttering] You can go to a nice hotel, the fucking Four Seasons, itll go 12th floor, 14th floor. And if you go, Im sorry, why isnt there a 13th floor? Well, thats a spooky number. And if we had it, thered be ghosts and goblins up there. So we took it away, and now its not so scary. And youre like, Are you fucking Cajun? Is that really what were doing right now? [crowd cheering] I dont know. Yeah. You guys like that one, but that Bible one… [grunts] You pulled back on that. You guys were like… [grunting] He listens to every show. [shushing] Its cool. I talked to him before the show. He said it was a good angle. Dont worry about it. Now… [laughing] Im not calling you stupid if youre religious, okay? Thats a cheap shot. If religion gives you comfort, I think thats great. I would not call you stupid for that. I would only call you stupid if you read your horoscope. [laughs] And, uh… you make life decisions based on… [gibbering] …what the planets are doing. [laughs] I dont know if youve ever spent time with one of these non-contributors, but… theyre usually sharing their wisdom, like, Youve got to go for it, cause youre a Pisces. [gibbering] Thanks, Doc. Those are the same people that think its a miracle to share a birthday with someone. Like thats a noteworthy event. And then you get to explain how thats not weird. Well, theres a lot of us and… not that many options. Its gonna happen all the time. Those people… [groans] But the ones who make me immediately homicidal are… people who get excited about a close-to-each-other birthday. As if that is worth wasting a breath on. I get this in hotels once a month. I check into a hotel, the guy will take my ID, and hell be like… [chuckling] Youre April 16th? Im April 3rd. I go, Hold on a second! You mean to tell me… two weeks… before I was born… you were born? [moans] [crowd cheering, screaming] [man howls] [crowd whistling] [grunting] Yeah. Ive got panty pudding now. Panty pudding? [groaning] Gross. I remember the girl who said it. It was… 2002 and… a lot of you will not like this. But that year, Ohio State won the national championship in football. [crowd cheering, booing] Whoa. Its almost like you care more about football than the Bible. But anyway… [crowd cheering, applauding] I know. Boo, history. Anyway… I was with this girl. I met her the day after the game. She was from Columbus, where the school is located. I said something casually. I just said it. I was like, Oh, youre from Columbus? You guys won the title. Are you excited? And she goes, Excited? Ive got panty pudding. And I was like… [groans] And then I fucked her because… she was a dirty girl, all right? And she was not lying. That shit was like tapioca. You had to scoop it out. Over your shoulder. Do you think Cosby still eats pudding? I often wonder if he has maintained his sense of humor on the inside. Do you think he teases the fellas on the way to the shower? Do you think hes like, Hey, dont put your pudding pop in my raisin cake. Like that? And theyre like, Man, Bills crazy as shit, huh? Let me get a cigarette, Bill! All right, so… [laughs] You can tell I like you. Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause I told you an old sex story from my life. I think, 100% of the time when that happens, when somebody tells you an old story like that from their life, its because they like you and they seek your approval. [crowd cheering] Yeah. Absolutely. Dude… Who tells you the best stories? Its always people newish to your life. Why? Because theyre giving you the best theyve got. They want to impress you. Who tells you the worst stories? Your best friends. They know youre not going anywhere. Your best friends are like, I fucked my wife, and youre like, Shut up. Were about to eat. I know her. Shut the fuck up, man. Then theyre like, Its a good story. Okay, what? Well, she didnt really want to do it. [sighs] But I kept bothering her and bothering her. And she finally broke down. She really just laid still. Youre like, What are you? Ted Bundy? This is a terrible story. Ill tell you a fun story, all right? When I first got to LA, many years ago, I met a girl in a bar. She took me back to her place. We started messing around. I signed the consent forms. We start messing around. As were doing it, she reaches around, she puts a finger in me, and I go… [gasps] And she goes, Mmm? And I go, Oh, yeah. Thats it. Thats the end of the story. Right. Go for your dreams. [laughs] I do mean that. I know it sounds cheesy, but I dont mean it to. I just… Heres why I think about it so much. I meet so many people. Okay? I meet way more people than you. Um… Its not even close. So… Heres the thing. People usually say nice things to me. Theyre like, Thanks for coming. I had a good time. Conversations naturally will turn, and Ill ask somebody, What do you do? Do you know what I hear like 98% of the time? Theyll be like, It fucking sucks. I hate it. Then I go, Why dont you do something else? They go, Its too late. My lifes fucked. Good to meet you, man and they walk away. Yeah, that sits in my head. So I think about it. But I have advice. This is the advice that I hope youll leave with, all right? This is it. You just need to learn to do one thing really well. And its this. You need to learn to manage your expectations. Its not an innate thing youre born with. Its a skill. If you work at it, youll get good at it. The more you manage your expectations, youll feel more fulfilled, less depressed, happier overall. Ill share with you my lifes greatest disappointment, which, in retrospect, is my fault. I didnt know it at the time. I do now. And Im gonna tell you its gonna be upsetting to some people. But hopefully, we can use it as a learning tool, so… Heres what it is, all right? [groans] I think that sixty-nining is overrated, and it sucks. [crowd cheering, applauding] Yeah. Yeah, you see that? Some people clap. Some people are like, Arrest this man. But listen. The story of why is more important. Do you remember when you first heard about it? I do. I was in third grade. And thats too young. All right? One of the older kids told me, and I was like, What? At the same time? I almost had a seizure. I didnt know what he was saying. I didnt even have references so I could pretend like I understood. I was like, Thats like eating a cheeseburger covered in ice cream while youre taking a shit or something. And he was like, Thats exactly what its like. From that day on, I was hooked. When I tell you I was obsessed, I was obsessed. Im not saying it for a story. It is all I talked about, thought about, dreamt about, sung about, joked about, Sixty-nine, sixty-nine, sixty-nine… Every notebook in school, I was like, Sixty-nine, sixty-nine, sixty-nine… Every sports team I was on, I was like, Im number 69! They were like, This is fifth grade basketball. Why dont you chill out, buddy? Every birthday, Christmas, my dadd go, What do you want? Id go, I want a sixty-nine. Hed go, Shut up and stop saying that! And I was like, No! Defiant. No! Sixty-nine, sixty-nine. Its gonna be the best. Be the best. Sixty-nine. Itll be like smoking meth out of Gods dick. I want to do it. And I built it up, and I built it up, and I built it up, and when I finally got to do it, I finally got to do it, you know what the first thing I said was? Get off me. All right? My neck hurts. I cant get my nose out of the way. Does it feel good? It feels like Im working. All right, itd feel better if you flipped over and polished me off, and then Ill do you. Whys it got to be at the same time? Are we late for something? Uh… Is the youth pastor coming back in a few minutes? Lets take turns, like we learned in kindergarten. What type of maniac sixty-nines as an adult? I mean, if youre a guy, I hope youre at least a gentleman about it and you lay on your back and youre not one of these savage fucking pigs… whos like, I prefer this angle. And then you can hear the fight to live underneath you. [gagging] And youre like, Yeah, that feels good. I bet it fucking does feel good. As youre throating that poor lady underneath you. I dont think theres a more horrific picture I can paint… than that of a woman, a lovely woman… Like, picture your mom laying on her back… in anticipation of sixty-nining from the bottom. And shes like, What the fuck? And shes got that look on her face, like, Is the search party gonna find me here? And then a man, a disgusting man… like me, is like, Well, saddle up. Here we go. Theres dingleberries and lint. And heres your mom, and Im like… [grunting] [laughs] And then, if I do that, I hear, Whats on my forehead? And Im like, Thats my gut. [laughs] Thats Daddys wet trash bag gut. Austin, you were a blast. Thanks for coming out tonight. Appreciate it very much. [crowd cheering] See you next time. Good night. See you, buddy. [Protect Ya Neck by Wu-Tang Clan playing] ? You best protect ya neck ? ? Wu-Tang Clan comin at you ? ? Watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid ? ? Watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid ? ? Watch your step, kid ? ? The Inspectah Deck ? ? I smoke on the mic Like Smokin Joe Frazier ? ? The hell-raiser Raising hell with the flavor ? ? Terrorize the jam Like troops in Pakistan ? ? Swinging through your town Like your neighborhood Spider-Man ? ? So, uh, ticktock and keep ticking ? ? While I get you flipping Off the shit Im kicking ? ? The Lone Ranger, code red, danger ? ? Deep in the dark with the art To rip the charts apart ? ? The vandal, too hot to handle ? ? You battle, youre saying goodbye Like Tevin Campbell ? ? Roughneck, Inspectah Decks on the set ? ? The rebel, I make more noise Than heavy metal ? ? The way I make the crowd go wild ? ? Sit back, relax, wont smile ? ? Rae got it going on, pal Call me the rap assassinator ? ? Rhymes rugged And built like Schwarzenegger ? ? And Imma get mad deep like a threat ? ? Blow up your project Then take all your assets ? ? ‘Cause I came to shake The frame in half ? ? With the thoughts That bomb shit like math ? ? So if you wanna try to flip Go flip on the next man ? ? ‘Cause I grab the clip and ? ? Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got ? ? Going to war with the melting pot, hot ? ? Its the Method Man For short Mr. Meth ? ? Moving on your left, ah ?

BERT KREISCHER@HEY BIG BOY@2020@[electronic music playing] [male announcer] Ladies and gentlemen… Bert Kreischer! [crowd cheering] Yeah! Whats up? Cleveland! [cheering, whooping] I took a shit in a gender-neutral bathroom the other day… [crowd laughing, whistling] …that made the woman in the stall next to me question her politics. [laughing] She walked in progressive left… walked out with a MAGA hat on, just– [groans] In all fairness, I do shit fairly aggressively. I shit on the underside of the seat. You ever gotten that blowback where you… Your wife lifts up the seat, and its got freckles underneath it? Im a tough guy to live with. I piss her off. She got mad at me the other day. By the way, this will split the room. Some people will be like, I dont see anything wrong with it, and some will be like, What the fuck? I put my dick on her shoulder. Now… [crowd laughing] Ladies, ladies, ladies… Im all about progress. But I dont want to live in a world where a man in his own house cant sneak up behind his wife… while shes reading a magazine, take his dick out, put it on her shoulder, and go, Whoo! Polly want a cracker! Now… Dude, she called me out at a dinner party. She told strangers about it. By the way, I was in the hole at this dinner party, right out the gates. This lady I didnt know was telling us the difference between a broom and a mop. [man replies indistinctly] Yeah, I wish you had been there. In the middle, I just started giggling, I cant believe were talking about this right now. She goes, I bet Bert doesnt know the difference between a broom and a mop. My wife held onto her seat, like, Youre not gonna like his answer. I leaned into the table. I go, No, I know the difference between a broom and a mop. Its really hard to beat your wife with a mop. You know when other men look at you, like, I would love to be on your team right now. Thats not gonna happen. [laughs] My wife then just chimes in, He put his dick on my shoulder… and pretended it was a parrot! I was like, Thats not what happened. It was a cockatiel. I live in LA. People take getting offended in LA to an art form. Dude, in LA, they get offended on behalf of people. [man boos] Bro, I go to the Starbucks by my house the other day, right? I walk in, theres this young black kid working behind the counter, and he recognizes me. Now, first off, I love getting recognized. But I love getting recognized by black people. Its so much better, the way they do it. Its more excited. Like, Oh, shit! This kids working behind the counter, I walk in and he goes, Oh, shit! Im like, Oh, this is gonna be a good one. [laughing] I walk through the line, and by the time I get up to the counter, hes already bubbling. Hes like, Dawg, dawg, dawg, you have no idea! I was like, I have a little idea right now. Hes like, No, my man, my dude. Oh, man! I am the biggest fan of Joe Rogans. [crowd oohing] [laughing] Im like, Cool, is he here? Hes like, No, but you know him! Im like, Yeah, I do. Hes like, Thats so cool, man. He goes, Hey, the best comedians in the game right now, Joe Rogan, Bill Burr, and Tom Segura. Im literally standing right in front of him, and I just go… What about me? And hes like, Nah. Hes like, Hey, man, I tried getting into your shit, but see, the problem with you is you laugh at your own jokes. By the way, hes accurate. I do laugh at my own jokes. Ive done it, I will do it. Fuck him, Im having a good time. Anyway… Now you can tell the conversations not going the way he had planned on it. And he looks at me, and he goes, Hey, man, I didnt mean to hurt your feelings. I go, You didnt hurt my feelings. Those are my three closest friends. Im gonna tell them about this interaction, and theyre gonna love it. Hes like, Youd do that? I go, Im definitely doing that. Hes like, Aw, cool, man. What can I get you? I go, Ill just have a Venti coffee. Hes like, Room for cream? I go, No, I want it thugged out. Hes like, Huh? I said, Black. And he starts laughing, and I lean in. I go, I didnt laugh that time, did I, motherfucker? [laughing] Yeah. And then I started laughing too cause I laugh at my own jokes! Both of us are laughing hard as shit, right? He hands me my coffee and goes, All right, I was wrong about you. Youre funny. I was like, Yeah, I know. I go home, I tell my wife about it. She thinks its funny. I come back the next day. Exact same scenario. I walk in, kid sees me, Oh, shit! Im like, Yeah, its Groundhog Day, baby. I get through the line, but this time, when I get up to the counter, hes already laughing hysterically. Hes giggling. Hes like… [imitates laughter] How you doing, man? I go, Good. He goes, What can I get you today? I go, Ill just have a Venti coffee. Hes like, Oh! Room for cream? I go, No, I want it to be pulled over for no reason at all. [laughing] And the kid falls out laughing, right? And I laugh too cause I laugh at my own fucking jokes. But now were laughing like a team. Like two buddies who have an inside joke. And whats making him laugh harder is watching me laugh. Were matching each others energy like two gay lovers in a steam room. He hands me my coffee, grabs my wrist, and he goes, Hey, am I gonna see you tomorrow? I was like, Youre damn right youll see me tomorrow. I was up all night writing jokes for this kid. Yeah, I fucked myself cause he already knows the structure to the joke. He already knows the setup. Thats 90% of the work right there. You know hes been guessing punchlines all day, handing out coffees, like, Heres your coffee. Taking a knee during the National Anthem. Enjoy it. Yeah, I got to bring the thunder. Im a professional comedian. I owe it to this kid. He just found out I was funny two days ago. The thing about a joke… Not that you dont know this, but Ill reinforce it. Its got to be the last thing you think I would say. Thats why you laugh. So I show up at Starbucks the next day, right? Starbucks is packed. Kid sees me walk in and works his way over to the register, like, I got the next ten customers! I am nervous in line cause Im watching him alert all his coworkers, like, Get Bradley out of the back. Its going down. Cathy, stop making coffees. Its happening. Fat guy, red hoodie. Fat guy, red hoodie. Im going over my set list in my head. And I got these two older white women… Not older. Theyre my wifes age. Whatever, fuck em. Anyway… [laughing] Theyre… Theyre talking about rescuing whippets or whatever white women talk about. I dont know. All I know is Im trying to focus because, by the time I get up to the counter, the first thing I notice is all his coworkers are clustered behind him… just listening. No ones making coffee! And the kid is in front of them, visibly nervous. Hes like, Good day, sir. Now Im nervous. Im like, Good day to you. Hes like, What can I get you today? Im like, Ah… I think Ill just have a Venti coffee. Hes like… [grunting] Room for cream? I go, No, I dont want it to know its father. And the kid falls on the ground laughing. His coworkers are behind him, like, Shit, he brought the thunder, man. I start laughing. And the white woman next to me goes, What did you just say to him? [stammers] I dont want my coffee to know its father. Shes like, What is that supposed to mean? And the kid gets up, leans over the counter and goes, It means he wants it black! I am crying laughing. The kid has snot coming out of his nose. And she gets offended. How dare you talk to him in that manner? I wont allow that. Not on my watch. Ill take care of this, son. And I lean into the kid, and I go, Thats the problem with cream. [laughing] That just… [crowd whooping] Cheers. [laughs] Whoa. Thats a lot stronger than I thought it would be. Whoo. Jesus Christ. [man] Yeah, Bert, we love you! I love you too. -[man] Whoo! [crowd applauding] I love my wife. I wish I didnt. I do, man. Shes a bad bitch. Shes an honest person. Heres the thing about women. When women are honest… This is what sucks. They get written off as bitches. But when a dudes honest, theyre like, Savage, man, way to get em! My wife is brutally… My wife is autistically honest. Dude, I was getting undressed in the bedroom the other day, and, through the doorway, I hear her go… [groans] Like, is that for me? And she goes, You do not look good naked. Like… Baby, it looks like youre still wearing a belt. When you get naked, its like your body… Oh, it looks like you outgrew your dick. It looks like your body got bigger, but your dick stayed the same size, so… It looks like a squatter in the middle of a bustling city. Like, ‘Hell, no, we wont go. Hell…' Dude, I was in the grocery store with her the other day. And I was getting this weird sensation in my dick. Its going ice cold, then hot, then ice cold, then hot. I started panicking. I go, Somethings going on with my dick, baby. It goes cold then hot, cold then hot– And she just cuts me off and goes, You have to lose weight. I go, Do you think its my blood pressure? Shes like, No, it is out of your pants. I couldnt see it. And there it was like a hood ornament, just… Shut the fuck up. Like Rose in the Titanic. [howling] It was getting cold in the frozen food section. Im such an idiot. Im opening the ice cream door, like, Its happening again. Oh, God. Should we get baby aspirin? I think Im having a stroke. No, never mind. Its going. Its gone. My wife saw her first porn the other day. Let me rephrase that. My wife caught me watching porn the other day… in the worst way anyones ever gotten caught watching porn. I guarantee it. 11:30 on a Tuesday afternoon. Im in the closet. Now… I dont even know how it started. I dont know how I got into it. All of a sudden, Im in it, though. Im on my phone, scrolling. Because I broke my governor when I was a kid. Now nothing turns me on. Im like, Give me a tentacle or quicksand. Something real. Knock the wind out of someone. Something I can gravitate to. I hear her walking into the closet. Phone in the pocket, she didnt see that. She looks at me and says, What were you just doing on your phone? Im on my heels, I got this. I go, I was replying to work e-mails. She goes, Really? Are you sure you werent watching a video called No Mercy for My Throat? Now Im thinking, That is really specific for a guess. But I stood my ground. I go, No. And she goes, Dickhead, your phones tethered to the TV in the bedroom. She had been watching me flip through all the porns I deemed boring. Girl on girl? What is this, eighth grade? Guy, girl? What am I, gay? Come on, give me something real. Ooh, No Mercy for My Throat? Im listening. And this was not for the faint of heart. This was not entry-level porn. This was mascara running. Like… [gagging] The kind of blowjobs where they have to come up for air. Just… [gasps] [gagging] Shes like, What the fuck is that? Im like, That is a blowjob. [crowd cheering] [whooping] Shes like, Who does it like that? I go, Champions, thats who. That womans there for the love of the game, not the paycheck. Youve got to understand something, LeeAnn. All women are different. You say, ‘Tomato, she says, ‘Toma…' [gagging] Shes like, They dont make regular porn? I go, Whats regular porn? Shes like, The stuff we do. I go, You mean a bloopers reel? No. Theres not a porn out there where the womans giving a blowjob, stops and goes, Are our sprinklers on? Yeah, I hear that. Theyre on, arent they? She wont even fuck me if Im sick. If Im getting sick, off the table. I will definitely have sex with her when shes sick. I did it Tuesday. [laughs] Im getting ready to fly to Cleveland. I go, Hey, we should bang one out, put one in the books, you know? Shes like, Oh, Im getting sick. I was like, I dont care. Shes like, I dont wanna get you sick. I was like, Well practice safe sex. Shes like, You are gonna wear a condom? I was like, No. [laughing] Doggy style, so you cough into the wall. [mouthing] [laughs] You got a cold, woman, not AIDS. Spin around, Doc Holliday, lets hit this shit! There is no better feeling than a woman coughing during sex. Am I right, guys? [crowd] Whoo! When it first happens, it catches you off guard. Youre like, Whoa, bear down, cowgirl. Youre not getting bucked off this bronco. Not with that grip strength. Holy Chasing Amy Chinese Finger Cuffs! Remind me to use that thing when weve got to open a jar. How great would it be… How great… [laughs] How great would it be… How great would it be if our dicks got bigger when we coughed? Id be fucking my wife with a kitten and a handful of pollen. Just… [grunting] ‘I got a small dick. So I bought a gun. Now… [crowd laughing, cheering] Whoa. I would hold your applause until you hear the joke. You may not want to applaud at the end. [laughs] No ones gonna like this joke. If youre for guns, youre gonna hate it. And if youre against guns, youre gonna really fucking hate it. I bought a gun cause… I didnt know we even sold guns in LA. I was driving down the street. I saw a gun store. I was like, Shut the fuck up. I flipped a bitch. I walked in, I was like, Hey. Can I buy a gun from you guys? Theyre behind the counter, like, Thats exactly what we do. Theyre like, What do you need a gun for, friend? I was like, I dont know. Respect? Youre in the right place. You need a Glock. Come on in. Holy shit. I have never had more fun with another man on a Monday… than I did with this guy when he walked me through all the upgrades you could get on a Glock. He says, Gotta get rid of the scope. The scope they give you sucks dick. -You need a scope that glows in the dark. -I was like, Yeah, Im gonna be shooting a lot of shit in the dark. Hes like, Want a flashlight on your gun? I was like, Fuck, yeah, I want a flashlight on my gun. I want to know what Im shooting. What am I, a cop? Then he said… Oh. Are we still cheering, buddy? Sorry. [laughing] Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Dont worry. The boat swings back this way now. I am not a responsible gun owner. Ill tell you that right now. My two favorite things to do with my gun are drink with my gun… and point it at people. [laughing] Dude, there is no better feeling in the world than coming home to your house, 2:00 in the morning, lights out, kids asleep… pouring yourself a whiskey… grabbing your Glock… taking your trousers off… and running the perimeter of your house… naked, loaded and loaded. Just… Dogs walking next to you like, I wish a motherfucker would. How great would it be if thats when someone broke into your house? They climb through the window, and first thing they see, whiskey, cock, Glock, dog. [laughing] Weve been waiting for you. Tonights gonna get a little weird. Im not gonna lie to you. Am I right? Heres my biggest problem. My biggest problem Ive had is theres a gun attached to my flashlight. Whenever you need a flashlight, everyones like, Quick, wheres the flashlight? Youre like, Oh… I know where one is. Now youre the dad in the thunderstorm. Is everyone in the living room? Camping with your family. Who wants to hear a scary story, huh? Taking the trash out in the middle of the night, just waving it down the alley. Dude, I took the trash out one night, right? Gun, unloaded. I should have said that at the beginning. Ive never put bullets in my gun. Sorry. Its a very different story. I tried when I got it, but then it hurt my thumb. So I was like, Oh, fuck it. And then I lost the little sleeve thing with the bullets in it. I dont even know where that is. I lost my gun one time. Do you know how scary that is? Walking into your living room like… Hey… has anybody seen Dads… Mmm… You know what? Never mind, never mind. What is it, Dad? I was like, Youll know when you see it. Youll be like, ‘Oh, thats what Dad was looking for. Just get me. Dont tell Mom. Come get me. And Ill be like, ‘Oh, okay, $100. If you find what Im looking for, $100. So Im taking the trash out one night, right? Gun unloaded, flashlight on. Very confident. I drop off the trash, Im coming back into my house, gun unloaded, very confident, point it into my living room. Unbeknownst to me, my wife had let our bullmastiff out to take a shit. Yeah, we have a 140-pound bullmastiff. I did not know that. I just heard a noise by the garage. Swing my flashlight around to investigate. Lights up my dog shitting which looks a lot like a werewolf in transition. It scared me. I pulled the fucking trigger! You should have seen the dog. She was like, Motherfucker! Is there someone behind me? This dog sucks dick. She does. Biggest mistake, man. I bought a purebred bullmastiff. Purebred. Pure… Well, purebred. Champion bloodlines on the moms side. Champion bloodlines on the dads side. Purebred, top dollar. Five knee surgeries. [crowd groans] Yeah. Only has four legs. Five… Yeah. It doesnt have a jump shot, cant hit a curve ball. No scholarship. On the second knee surgery, I said to the vet, What are we gonna do about this dog? He goes, You want to just put her down? I was like, No, this is my dog. He goes, Theres gonna be a lot more knee surgeries. I go, Why? And he goes, You bought a purebred. I was like, Theyre the best. Hes like, No, theyre not. He says, Idiots like you want to know what your dogs gonna look like. So you buy a purebred. But what you dont know is, in order to keep that breed pure, theyve been breeding the same bloodlines for centuries, and now whats happened is theyve overbreeded those bloodlines. And that is why youre getting dogs with weak-ass constitutions and birth defects. All an attempt to keep them pure. I was literally in his office like, So youre telling me right now… Hitler was totally wrong. [crowd laughing] [cheering] [laughs] If Germany had won that war, blonde chicks would be walking around with hip dysplasia, just… Big tits, but just… [in German accent] Da… [snorts] This is how I breathe when I sleep, huh? [snorts] We got a rescue dog. Also, we got a rescue cat. Big mistake. The rescue dog, we got from East LA. Apparently, some Mexican gangbangers had spray-painted her to look like a Raiders helmet. And thats when we took over, only to find out very quickly, A, the dog doesnt speak English. Didnt know that was a thing. Yeah. And, B, hates Mexicans. If you think Trump has a distaste for them… this dog fucking hates them. Just… She sees a Mexican, shes like… [barking furiously] Im on the other end of the leash like, Hey, whats up, homeboy? Like, Yo, whats up with your fucking dog, homes? Well, she hates Mexicans. Thats fucked up, homey. Well, you tell her. I cant. [crowd laughing] No, you got to beat that shit out of her. [laughs] I think thats why she hates Mexicans. Then we got a rescue cat. If youre thinking about rescuing a cat, dont. Yeah, rescuing a cats like rescuing a hobo. Theyve seen some shit in the streets. Its not getting out of their DNA anytime soon. This cats favorite thing to do is catch rats outside, bring them into our house and let them go. First day we got this cat, I put in a cat-door so it could run away. It didnt. Apparently, it stuck its head out of the cat-door in the afternoon and was like, Hey, theres a new motherfucker in town. And if you want to fight me, meet me in my living room at 2:00 a.m. Two neighborhood cats enter our house… and fight our cat in our living room in the middle of the fucking night. My bitch-ass dogs are like, Lock the doors! Apurate, apurate, apurate, apurate! All right, back to my guns. Now… I go to pick up my guns. I got two guns. I got a shotgun too, but I broke it first day. Yeah, I thought I got one that goes… [imitates gun cocking] But he sold me the one that went… [weakly] Hey. So I go to pick up my guns, and my arms dealer tells me, Hey, man… He goes, I cant give you your guns. I said, Why not? He goes, None of your paperwork checks out. I go, What do you mean? He goes, All the bills are in your wifes name. You cars in your companys name. I cant give you your guns. I started laughing hysterically. Because all I thought to myself was, Our system works? Like, how great is it that our system works? I looked at him, laughing hysterically. I was like, Dude, I feel safer knowing I cant get a gun… than if you gave me two guns. Im so happy to know our system works. He looks at me dead serious and goes, Oh, youre getting your fucking guns. I was like, I dont feel so good about this anymore, Kevin. Hes like, We have a workaround. This is what he did. Called my wife on the phone, said, Maam, I want you to print out a blank lease. Then fill it out, saying you rent a room in your house to your husband. Fax it into me. I get it, Ill give him his guns. My wife was cackling on the other end of the phone. Sorry, were at full occupancy, Kevin. She sends it in. I get my guns. I love my guns. I do love my guns. Im the kind of idiot… I dont know if youre like me, where you see a gun in a movie, and I call up my arms dealer immediately. I was like, Yo, Matrix. Agent Smith. What gun is that? Hes like, Desert Eagle, 50 caliber. I go, Sign me up! Hes like, I cant do a 50 caliber in California. Ill get you a 40 caliber. Ill do a workaround in the office. Ill get you what you need. Hes like, You can get a long gun too. What long gun do you want? I go, Well, I need a shotgun. Hes like, I just sold you a shotgun. I go, Yeah, you sold me the circumcised one. I want the uncircumcised one where you can pull the hood back. Just… [imitates gun cocking] Hes like, You dont want another shotgun. You want an AR-15. I was like, Whoa, slow down, brother. I might not be the right guy for an AR-15. I lost my Glock for nine days. All my wife heard was AR-15 and comes marching in the kitchen. Is that motherfucker trying to upsell you on an AR-15? Im like, Bitch, men are talking. Shes like, Did you tell him you took your Glock in the shower? Im like, Woman! I go, Kevin… Im not gonna be a part of the problem in this country. Im gonna be a part of the solution. Im not getting another one of these killing machines, putting it out into the population and losing it for nine days and some kid finding it. All I want is my Desert Eagle 50 caliber. And a… [imitates gun cocking] …shotgun. My wifes next to me. She goes, Thats the man I married. Kevins on the other end of the phone. He goes, Am I on speaker right now? I said, No, and he goes, All right, cool. Ill have the AR-15 waiting for you. I said, Bro. I really dont want the gun. He goes, Give me ten seconds and listen to me. Bert, in the event of an apocalypse– Im like, Im still listening. Hes like, This is the best gun to defend you and your family. I couldnt even help myself. I was like, Can I get the one with the bump stock on it? My wife heard me say that… and canceled my fucking lease. I had to show my kids my gun. Yeah, I brought them into the bedroom. I was like, Dads got guns. Cant talk shit to me anymore. These two window-licking ninnies… [laughs] …they had two different reactions. Georgia, my oldest, was just appalled. She was like, I cant believe youd buy guns with whats going on in our country. At that moment, thats when you go out and buy guns? And I was like, Yeah. And you go to your fucking room. Shh. Get, get, get, get, get. Ilas just staring at it. She goes, Can I touch it? I was like, Yeah, pick it up. Shes like, Is it loaded? I go, I dont know. Point it at the bed, pull the trigger, find out. Shes like, Its so heavy. I go, Put it in your other hand. It feels like someone else is holding it. There you go. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hold it with both hands and point it at the cat. Watch. Turn the laser on. Its like the cat wants to die. Hes like, ‘Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!' Im a bad parent. Even when I try, I fail. My kids went and saw Black Panther with a bunch of friends. All the parents stayed at home, sent the kids to the movie theater. They come back. Were all drunk. Theyre so excited. It was the greatest movie ever. All the parents were like, Tell us about it, tell us about it. I got a little bit of a buzz… [laughs] …and all I said was, Were there are a lot of black people there? All the parents were like, Whoa, what the fuck? And Im like, What? Its a big moment in black cinema. Did you see black people? Like… did you hear them? Or what was the movie like? Was it loud? All the parents were like, Bert… Even my wifes like, Stop talking. Luckily, my kids stepped up, and theyre like, Dad, we dont actually look for that kind of thing. So we couldnt give you an answer. Everyones like, Well, at least he raised good kids. A few months later… were at Avengers: Infinity War. Houselights drop, trailers start, spread out the popcorn. My youngest daughter, Ila, is sitting next to me, reaches over to my popcorn, leans over to my ear and goes, 12. I go, 12 what, Ila? She goes, You know. I go, No, I dont know what youre talking about. She leans in closer and goes, Wakanda. [laughs] Oh. I feel like Im a better parent when Im not there. Like, when something happens for my family, if Im gone, its so much better. My daughters got their periods. Ooh, that was a pause, huh? The guys on the top row are like, Im gonna go get another beer real quick. My daughters got their periods. Georgia got hers first. Shes the oldest. Thats how that works. I wasnt there. Thank God, cause I would have fucked that up royally. Id have been like, You go to the river and do laundry for a week. Youre dirty. Go on, get. Go on, get. Georgia, just to paint the picture, is a simple moron. Like a very… goodhearted, Christian moron. Just doesnt know what shes saying. We were playing… We were playing Scattergories one time. Where you roll the dice, letter comes up, fill out all the categories. Me, Georgia and Ila. We roll the letter N. I look at Ila. First one is US states. I go, Ila, what did you put for US states that start with ‘N? She goes, I couldnt think of one. I go, Youre in eighth grade. You couldnt think of one state that started with ‘N? She goes, No. Could you? I go, Yeah, Nevada. She goes, Never heard of it. I go, Georgia, what did you put? She goes, New Hampshire. I was like… Ila, is that a state? I thought that was a providence. Next one, street names. I go, Ila, whatd you put for street names that start with ‘N? She goes, Nebraska. Im like, Bitch! Thats what I put. I go, Georgia, what did you put for street names that start with ‘N? And she goes, Um, I think I did this wrong. I go, What did you put for street names that start with the letter ‘N, Georgia? She goes, I dont want to tell you guys. I think… I think Im gonna keep it to myself. Im like, Now youre definitely fucking telling us. She goes, I wrote, ‘Notorious B.I.G. Wasnt that his street name? Im like, You beautiful fucking idiot. Yes, it was. She got her period… on a Saturday night, in middle of the night. Woke up Sunday morning, bleeding, freaking out. Crack of dawn. I was on the road, thank God. Walked into our bedroom. Woke up my wife, five in the morning, bleeding and crying. Her exact words were, Mommy, Im not ready to be a big girl today. [crowd] Aw. It breaks your heart. It really does. My wife is a fucking gangster. I joke a lot about her. Shes a bad motherfucker. Dude, she scooped her up, took her out to the living room, put her down on the couch, put some towels down, I hope. Went out, got doughnuts, came home, started season one, episode one of Downton Abbey. And that became their show. That was Georgias entrance into womanhood. Thats how they bonded. I came home, I didnt even know anything had happened. I was drunk, obviously. We had just put our new pool in. So I go, and I grab Ila. I take her outside. I throw her in the pool. I grabbed Georgia. You already know it, dont you? The second I grab her, she goes, Get your hands off me! Im like, Whoa. You do not talk to your father like that. Ila pops up out of the pool. Dad, we got a bleeder! [mouthing] Georgia starts crying immediately. LeeAnn yells at me. I end up in the pool with Ila, drinking a double Titos and soda. Getting the full rundown. Ilas like, Dad, I followed the tracks into Moms room. I go, You followed tracks? She goes, Like a hunter, Dad. Looks at me dead in the face and goes, Hey, Dad, I promise you right now, Ill never get my period. I was like, Really? She goes, Yeah. Ill always be your best little buddy. [crowd] Aw. [laughing] I know. I almost started crying in the pool because I was like, How stupid is she? Ill tell you how stupid she is. Ill tell you exactly how stupid she is. If you spend too much time with her, you start getting stupid. Does that make sense? We took a family trip this summer. [laughs] First morning, we all sit down for breakfast. Ila shows up five minutes late. Sits at the table, looks at me and goes, Hey, big boy. What did you think about those dreams last night, huh? Now were all looking at each other going, She thinks we have the same dreams? Shes 12. For 12 years… she thought we all got the same dreams… programmed every night. That everyone got the same set. Like its must-see TV. But then Im sitting across from her going, I had two dreams about this kid last night. What if she cracked the code? I lean across the table. I go, Hey, did you dream that I was locked in a trunk? My wife goes, What the fuck are you doing? We dont have the same dreams. Ila kicks me under the table. She goes, Ill talk to you after breakfast. That afternoon, were going snorkeling, right? Were out on the boat. And Im watching Ila look off the side of the boat at the horizon. It looks beautiful. Great moment as a parent to say, Hey, baby girl, what are you thinking about? Your kid turns around. Dream scenario, Hey, Dad… thanks. I go, Hey, baby girl, what are you thinking about? She turns around and goes, We should get tattoos. I go, Were not getting tattoos. She goes, No, Dad, think about it. If we all got the same one, wed never regret it. I go, Youre 12, Ila. What tattoo would you want? She goes, Whats it called when you cover your arm? I go, You want a fucking sleeve? Youre gonna be the only eighth grader walking into homeroom like its a jujitsu tournament. What do you want sleeved on your arm, Ila? She goes, A wolf. Yeah, Dad. His head would start up here, his body would come by my elbow, and his tail would come down to my fingertip. That way youd know if I was happy cause Id be wagging my finger. Im like, Turn this boat around. Were getting tattoos. There was a period of time… where LeeAnn and I would take Ilas tests from school outside and read her answers aloud to each other… in astonishment at the human being we had created. She took a test in proverbs one time. Very simple. Proverbs. They gave her the first part, she had to fill out the second part. Very simple. The grass is always greener… [crowd] On the other side. …when you water it, is what she put. [crowd laughing] Dont bite the hand… [crowd] That feeds you. …thats brown. Children should be seen and not… -[crowd] Heard. -…touched. This is the child… This is the child in chest-deep water in the pool, staring me in the eyes, going, Ill never get my period, I promise. Then a year and a half later, on a Friday… Now, its important I tell you its a Friday cause, on Fridays, LeeAnn, my wife, goes to therapy and her chiropractor, so she is incommunicado all day. Im at home, phone rings. Its a school nurse. She goes, I have Ila in the office. Is there a parent at home? I was like, Ill do. Gives the phone to Ila. Her first words, I tried to stop it, Dad. I go, Stop what? She goes, I got my period. Im like, Bitch, you promised. Im like, You called the wrong number, dickhead. Call your mom. Shes like, Dad, I need you right now. Immediately, as a parent, Im melting down because Im like, Shes freaking out at school. Shes by herself. Shes going through what Georgia went through. This isnt my skill set. But I got this. I go, Okay, baby. All right. Okay. Howd you get it? She was like, Dad, I was playing kickball. Immediately, Im like, Oh, poor kid, probably thought she blew out her pussy. Just… [whooshing] Oh, shit! Oh, Im out, Coach. Im out. Yeah. I tore my twat. Its bad. I blew out my cooch, Coach. Im gonna have to sit this one out. Pinch runner! Pinch runner! [laughs] Now Im spiraling. Im like, What do you need from me? New pants, new panties, new socks? Did it get in your socks? A bucket, some towels, garlic. We gotta keep vampires away from you. Shes like, Dad, Im fine. Mom gave me a go-bag. I go, Then what are you calling me for? She goes, I need you to go to the store and get supplies. Im like, How bad is this period? Shes like, No, Dad. Im throwing myself a period party tonight. Im like, Im sorry, what did you just say? Shes like, All the girls are doing it, Dad. I need you to go to the store and get supplies. Get a red velvet cake. Im like… [gagging] [continues gagging] I go, Baby, I dont think I can eat a red velvet cake… knowing what it symbolizes. Shes like, Dad, you need a red velvet cake for a period party cause you put the name of your period on the cake. Im like… Who names their period? Shes like, Georgia named hers after the girl from Progressive auto insurance. Shes like, Dad, please. I need you right now. I have ten people coming tonight. I go, We have ten little girls coming to the house? She goes, No, eight girls, two boys. Im like, Who invites boys to a period party? And I hear her sinister little giggle on the phone, and she goes, Dad, thats the fun of it. We dont tell them why theyre there. Now Im like, Fuck it, Im in. I have never had more fun at a party in my entire life. Planning, hosting and attending a period party. I dressed all in red, like it was Chinese New Years. Drinking pinot noir. I made pasta with chunky marinara sauce. And I giggled the whole night with all these little girls at these two boys, Max and Carter, faces covered in red cake. Like its their honeymoon, and theyre like, Fuck it, Ill eat it anyway. The whole party, these two boys are looking at the cake, going, Who the hells Jason? My daughter, Ila Kreischer… named her period Jason… because she got it on Friday the 13th. I pray this child doesnt find marijuana. My dad just found marijuana. Seventy years old. Started eating it every night. Twenty milligrams, my mom says. Dads eating… Thats what I said, like, Thats a lot. I go, Are there any side effects? She goes, Other than the fact that he calls me ‘bro a lot, no. We go down to Tampa, spend some time with my parents. Were out on their dock. My whole family. My dad, my mom. You can tell when my dads weed kicks in cause he starts humming Jimmy Buffett songs. All of a sudden, he just pops up, turns around to us, and he goes, Who wants to talk to an owl tonight, huh? I look at my mom. I go, How much weed is Harry Potter eating? My moms like, No, he talks to an owl every night. Show him, Albert. My dad just gets on the edge of the dock and goes… [hoots] My idiot kids were like, Papa, should we hoot too? Hes like, Yeah, come on, girls, well all hoot. Here we go! [hoots] Now the three of them are on the edge of the dock, like three Crips, letting them know cops were in the neighborhood. [hooting] Five minutes goes by. Five minutes! We dont hear a sound. I look at my dad. I go, Dad, maybe we should sit down. I dont think your owls out tonight. Hes like, Yeah, thats crazy. Hes always out. Dont worry. Well try again tomorrow, girls. Pour a glass of wine. Thirty seconds later, clear as a bell, all of us hear… [hoots] I get chill bumps. I look at my dad, and I go, Dad, its your owl. Hes like, I told you, bro. Hes like, Ill get him going. And once I get him going, we can all talk to him, all right? [hoots] And right on top of it, we hear… [low hooting] [high hooting, low hooting] [high hooting, low hooting] My oldest daughter goes, Dad– I go, Shut the fuck up. Were talking to an owl. She goes, Dad– I go, Wait your turn, bitch. Im next. She goes, Dad, look across the lake at the old man on his dock! Sure as shit, theres another drunk, blind, old white man, just… [hooting] These two are like Ric Flair in a cave. Just… [continues hooting] Im scared of marijuana. Like, healthily scared of marijuana. ‘Cause Ive had those bad times where you get way too high, and you think youre gonna die. Your face gets cold. Your heart starts racing. You can feel sawdust going down your throat. Dude, highest Ive ever been, highest Ive ever been, traffic school. Yeah. One hit of a blunt. I took one hit. Thats it. Black guy, sitting outside traffic school, smoking a blunt, nods me over. Im thinking, I think its racist if I say no. I take one hit of his blunt, Im higher than Ive ever been. Now, for those of you who dont know much about marijuana, let me make this very clear. A blunt is different than a joint, okay? A joint is like a blowjob at camp. Fun, light. Hey, Ill see you next year. Send you a postcard. All right! A blunt is like a blowjob in prison. Youre like, Wow, this is a lot bigger than I thought it would be. Its brown, and it hurts my throat. One hit off this blunt, one hit, and Im so high, panic sets in. I was so scared, I walked into traffic school holding onto the black guys shirt like… We walk in, he sits down. Middle row, second seat. I sit directly in front of him. Middle row, front seat. We smell like two of Snoop Doggs fingers. Our teacher walks in, has a completely atrophied right arm. Immediately, Im thinking, I wish I had known about that… before I got this high. [laughs] Now Im staring at it. I cant even help it. Im just tracking it, like… He sees me looking at it and goes, All right, lets get this off the table. Who notices something different about me? He didnt even finish his sentence before my hand was in the air. Hey, right here. As soon as it goes up, I realize Im the only one with their hand in the air, and everyone else is looking at me like, Youre gonna say it? And now Im drawing a blank, going, Whats it called? And hes like, Well, what is it? Im like, Ah… Uh… huh… Im stalling so long that the black guy taps me on the back and goes, Psst, its his arm. And that is when marijuana performed a miracle on me. Marijuana said, Bert, start talking. Well fill in the words. I was like, I kind of want to know them first. Marijuana was like, Thats not how it works, big guy. Im gonna toss them into your mouth, and you hit them out of the park with your tongue. So I said to this guy… Highest Ive ever been in my life, 8:15 in the morning in Burbank in a middle school. I dont know if Im the only one that sees this… but from where Im sitting… from my perspective… it seems to me that one of your arms… is fucking humongous. [laughs] This guy laughed so hard his baby arm goes rodeo on him. The black guys dying laughing, and he goes, How do you think that happened? The black guy goes, Hammer curls. Im trying to cut back on weed. Youre not supposed -to smoke weed around your– -[man shouts] -Do you smoke weed, sir? -[man] Yes. [laughing] [laughs] That was… I want to hear this guy fuck. Soft. Suck tits. Yes. Happening. God, I love that fucking answer. [laughs] Were good. [laughs] I cant smoke it around my kids. Says my wife. [laughs] I had to watch my girls for nine days by myself. [laughs] Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho. You ever watch your kids by yourself for an extended period of time… and then, two days in, you start really clearly seeing both sides of the abortion debate? Youre like, Well… I think you should be able to kill them up to ninth grade. Put them in the tub. [plopping] My wife sat the whole family down at the kitchen table. She goes, All right, Im going to Vietnam for nine days, okay, with my best friend, Sandy. The girls start unraveling immediately. Georgias like, Who are we staying with? My wifes like, Dad. Theyre like, Whos watching us? My wifes like, Dad. Theyre like, Whos watching Dad? My wifes like, Listen, Ive made a very detailed list. If your father follows this list to a T, itll be like I never left. Georgia goes, He wont last 24 hours, Mom. Boy, I should have taken the under on that. This list was so aggressive. Wake up, 5:45 a.m. Im like, What crops are we harvesting? Make the girls breakfast. Georgia likes avocado toast. Ila likes bone broth. Im like, Oh, cool. [laughs] Im living with Gwyneth Paltrow and a cage fighter. Breakfast should be over by 6:00 a.m. Send the girls to their room to get dressed. Check on Ila, 6:05. Shell be asleep in her closet. 6:15, tell Ila she has to start shitting. 6:45, tell Ila to stop shitting. 6:50, out the door. Drop off the girls, seven oclock. The first day, I woke up at 7:15. Just in the weeds. You know, when all the pleasantries of parenting are out the door. Youre like, Get the fuck out of bed! Get the fuck out of bed! Welcome to Thunderdome, bitches! Theyre like, Whats for breakfast? Im like, Were intermittent fasting today, ladies. Lets go! Make your own lunch boxes. Im making coffee. We got to do this shit. Theyre like, Maybe we shouldnt even go to school, were so late. Im like, Youre not staying with me. Get the fuck out the door. They make their own lunch boxes. Get them out the door so late. You ever take your kids to school so late theres no traffic? Halfway there, youre like, Fuck it. Who wants to go to a water park? They make their own lunch boxes. Drop them off. Come home, take a Xanax, sleep the day away. Yeah, cause Im a housewife. Wake up, pick them up from school. Take them out to dinner that night. And at dinner that night, into my second glass of wine… realize Im the only one that can drive. Georgia sees this realization on my face and goes, Hey, big boy… how you think youre doing on your first day, huh? Im like, I think weve had some hiccups, but… all in all, I would say todays a victory. What do you think, George? She goes, Really? She goes, Why dont you ask your youngest daughter what she had for lunch today? I look at Ila. And I go, Hey, Ila, what did you have for lunch today? She just looks at me and goes, A bag of rice. I go, And? And she goes, A bag of rice. Georgias like, Dad, she packed a lunch like she was working on the railroads. She didnt even bring a fork, Dad. I go, You didnt bring a fork? Baby, didnt you feel like your lunch was missing something? She goes, Yeah. Soy sauce. This idiot grabbed a microwaveable Uncle Bens bag of rice… threw it in the microwave for two extra minutes so it would be hot at lunch. Threw it in her backpack. No lunch box. It exploded in her backpack. She ate it out of her backpack with her hand like a fucking orangutan. My moms in ‘Nam. We Uber home that night. Get home, check my list. Girls should be showered and in bed by 7:30. It is ten oclock. I am wasted. And theyre drinking Diet Cokes. Now I start unraveling. Im like, Goddamn it, girls, were running late. Go in the bathroom, take a couple of whores baths and get in bed. Georgia goes, What did you just say? A whores bath, Georgia. Take a whores bath and get in bed. I dont even know what that is, Dad. I go, Over to the sink. Pits and pussies, lets go. What did you say? Over to the sink. Pits and pussies, ladies. Lets go! Ilas standing next to Georgia. She goes, Dad, how do you get rid of ringworm? Im like, Motherfucker! How did you get ringworm in one day? Georgia, stay away from dirt-dirt over there. She got fucking ringworm. Dont touch anyone with that arm. You are highly contagious. She hears that, takes her arm and rushes me like I hit her with a pitch. Now youve got ringworm! I go, You put it on my face, asshole! Georgias making her way out of the living room, real coy, and I go, No. Blood in, blood out, motherfucker. Get her, Ila. We grab Georgia, hold her down, give her ringworm. Shes crying. Were laughing. Send them to bed, no bath. Thats the best part of the day right there. Kids in bed. I am done. Yeah. Pour myself a drink. Get in my recliner. Whiskey, cock, Glock, dog. Turn on Dr. Pimple Popper. Yeah. Phone rings. LeeAnn. Hard pass. I am not defending this shit-show of a day… this drunk. I am drunk. Youre not allowed to be drunk. Thats the first thing on the list. Dad cant use drugs or alcohol for nine days. For nine days! She wants me to go to sleep every night like a fucking Mormon. Just… Well, that was a great day. Thats it for me. Looks like Im done thinking. Nine days with these kids, and she wants me to raw dog it like a settler? Phone rings again. LeeAnn. Hard pass. Home phone rings. I go, What is this, 1982? Whos answering that? Stops ringing. Kill my drink. Make another drink. Start to fade away. You know that feeling where your brain starts going crazy like, Oh, okay, here we go. I hear the girls door open. Im like, Shit. Ila comes out over my shoulder, and she goes, Hey, big boy. Think you could use a little company? Nope. I go, Go back in your room. She goes, I cant sleep. I thought Id hang out and watch TV with you. I go, Yeah, thats not gonna happen. Just cause Moms not here doesnt mean theres no rules. She goes, But I cant sleep. I go, You havent even tried to sleep. She goes, No, I did try. I cant sleep. Georgias on the phone with Mom. Im like… What did you just say? She goes, Georgias on the phone with Mom. Is that a bad thing? I go, Is that a bad thing? I dont know. Did we just hold her down and give her fucking ringworm? Let me explain it to you this way, idiot. Right now the snitch is talking to the bitch, and we are fucked! Georgia comes marching out of her bedroom, phone in hand. No, Mom. ‘Pits and pussies. Thats what he said. Hold on, hes drinking. Here you go, Dad. I grab the phone, put it to my ear. All I hear is, A bag of fucking rice? Cleveland! [crowd cheering] Thank you! Thank you! You will never know how much I appreciate every single one of you here tonight. [electronic music playing] Thank you for pacing yourself, drinking today. Thank you for showing up late for work tomorrow. Thank you, Cleveland, for one of the greatest shows Ive ever had in my life. Thank you. Thank you! Thank you! [cheering continues] [man hooting] [continues hooting] [woman] Id die laughing if I heard back, Me! Me! [laughs] You jerk. You heard it. [woman] I did hear a hoo. Do you hear a person laughing on the dock over there? [laughing] [man] You jerk. That was an owl, you jerk. [laughs]

MARC MARON@END TIMES FUN@2020@[audience chattering indistinctly] [man] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Marc Maron. [audience cheering] [cheering continues] Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for coming out. Nice to see you. [audience quietens] Okay. All right. [sighs] Im happy you came, I really am. I dont know how to– I dont know how to accept the love. I dont know how to accept it, but Im gonna try. So, I got this weird thing in my head. Im sort of a mid-level celebrity. Thats how I see myself, mid-level. Not complaining, but I know where Im at. I could be walking down the street and three dudes could be walking towards me, and one of them will be like, Holy fuck, Marc Maron! And the other two are like, No, I dont know that guy. Now, look, Im happy the one guy likes me, but what Ive learned over time is that I dont really have to stand there while he tries to explain who I am… to his friends. Thats not a great few minutes for me. Not great… when Im standing there and hes saying, You dont know anything this guys done? How is that even fucking possible? I mean… hes been doing it, like, 35 years. Right, Maron? Yeah, yeah, about 35… Its been 35. You know, like, you never listened to his CDs, or the podcast, or his own show, or Glow, or the specials, or nothing? And the guys are like, No, we dont fucking know this guy! And thats when Im like, Im gonna go, I think. I think Im gonna… walk away from this, cause I didnt, uh, work 35 years for this feeling. Not great. And your friends are kind of assholes, am I right? The guys like, Yeah, they are, but theyre my bros. But look, man. I dont have to hang out with them, I can hang out with you, Marc Maron. Thats when Im like, I dont fucking know you, or the people youre with. But you know, we hung out, the three of us… spent a little time together. I showed his friends some stuff on my phone of me doing stuff and I think theyre on board. I think I– I pulled em in. I got a couple of newbies. Did a little mission– What do you call… Missionary work is what I did. I just dont know. I dont know anymore. I dont– Heres– Its my job to– to think of funny things, to sit around and think of funny things, and a few weeks ago, I was sitting on my couch and I realized, like, I just dont know. And then it went from there to, like, What do I know, actually? What do I… And then it went from there to like, Do I really know anything? Like, how much do I really know? And you gotta be careful with this type of rabbit hole within your own brain, because it can go quickly to, like, Do I even exist? Which is sort of sophomoric. But usually at that moment, I always look at my cat Monkey and I go, Well, Monkeys there, and hes looking at me, so Im here. So, Monkeys always the philosophy killer. I can always rely on him for that. # But if you really think about what you really actually know, its only a few things, like seven things, maybe everybody knows. The rest are just patterns you call a life. And… If you actually made a column of things youre pretty sure you know for sure, and then made another column of how you know those things, most of that column is like, Some guy told me. You know, its not sourced material, its just– its clickbait and hearsay, thats all. Goes into the head, locks onto a feeling, youre like, That sounds good. Im gonna tell other people that. And thats how brand marketing works, and also fascism, were finding. So… What is the point? The point is… Like somebody, like, I dont know… Look, I take vitamins. All right? I take em. I take em every day. I take vitamin B, vitamin C, vitamin D, and every day theyre in my hand, I look at them and in my heart, I think, These dont fucking do anything. Theres no way they do anything. I know they dont do anything. But other part of me believes that they do. You can actually believe something that you know is bullshit. Its a problem. So now, man, I take em every day, because, you know, Im afraid to die and I think its gonna give me a leg-up. Thats why everybody takes em, right? Its gotten to the point where if I dont take them, Ive actually driven back to my house to take vitamins I know dont fucking do anything, because I believe that might be the day I get whatever its gonna be that I get. Do you understand? All right. I think the deeper point here is you never know when someones gonna dump some shit into your head thats gonna ruin your life, or at least change it, for months, or just cause you trouble. And it could be just in passing, somebody just drops shit into your head, and you have to deal with it. Like, you could just be having a day, and somebody maybe you know or dont know that well goes, Are you taking turmeric? What? Turmeric, are you taking it? Turmeric? Yeah, you gotta take that shit. Turmeric? Yup. The spice? Yeah, you gotta take it. Turmeric, the spice. Yeah, man, you gotta take that. The– The spice that you buy once to make an Indian recipe… and you never use it again, and it stains your wooden spoon, that turmeric? Yeah, you got to take that shit. I do? Yep. For what? Inflammation. Of what? Just general. General… General inflammation. What is– What is that? Its the new bad thing that causes all the other bad things. What happened to cholesterol? No, turns out thats good for you. What? When did that happen? Turmeric, huh? Who told you about this? My trainer. All right, so the guy who wanted to do something else with his life… saw something online, told you, and now youre dumping it into my head, now I gotta worry about whether Im gonna take turmeric or not? And I apologize, I know its a little condescending to trainers and some people get a little weird about that. I dont know why. Is that a surprise? Most trainers, wasnt their life goal, all right? They– They had other plans… the team didnt work out, they didnt make the team. They were at the gym a lot anyways. Whatever. Just wasnt the big plan for them, all right? They– They ended up there. And they can take this criticism. Just– Im just calling a fact a fact. Im not gonna make fun of yoga instructors cause thats different. Thats sort of the last stop for them. You know, like… You wanna be nice to them, you dont know how they got there, its probably a harrowing tale, but, you know, youre kind of grateful they made it to wherever they are, and you know that you being in their class is as important to them as they are to you. Like, if it doesnt work out for the trainer, hes gonna figure out something else to do. The yoga instructor, we really dont know where that goes. You know, back to the turmeric guy, as hes walking away, hes like, Oh, yeah, if youre gonna get the turmeric, make sure you get it with black pepper in it or it wont activate. Now, right there, doesnt that make you go, That sounds like bullshit to me a little bit? Am I that big of a sucker that you think I would believe that? Wheres the science on that? That sounds like a couple of vitamin hustlers sitting over a mound of wholesale turmeric with a bunch of empty gel caps, one guy going, I dont know, man. I dont think we can move this just like this. Its just a spice. I think we gotta… We gotta add something. Yeah, like what, boss? I dont know why its a 30s movie. I dont know, maybe another spice? Yeah, like what? Maybe pepper? Yeah, keep talkin. Maybe– Maybe we say it activates it? Holy shit! Thats a fucking million-dollar idea right there. Lets load up these gel caps. Maybe Rogan will move em on his podcast. I mean, I know Maron wont do it, hes more of a Stamps.com, Squarespace guy… but Rogans sort of an old school supplement slinger. And I know Im gonna get a little flak for that comment. I know there might be a minor pile-on on Twitter of the monoculture of free thinkers, but I can take it. So I guess, after all is said and done, I should just say that, like, Im taking turmeric and, um… I feel less inflamed, you know? In a… in a general way. Generally less inflamed. Im gonna believe that. I believe that. Its funny what we believe in. You know, its kind of ridiculous sort of all kind of magical thinking, cause were all frightened. But theres one thing that is kind of baffling to me. You know, we all take vitamins, yet theres a vocal but small minority of people in this country that refuse to vaccinate their children. They refuse to vaccinate their children because the jurys still out, I think, on the vaccines. Is it, though? Jurys out on vaccines? How many friends do you have with polio? A lot of polio people… in the family in iron lungs? Got a lot of people you know in iron lungs? Did you ever get over that whooping cough you had? Hows that kid with mumps of yours? Is that kid all right, you fucking moron? And theyre always like, The measles isnt a big deal. Yes, it is! They were– It was gone! There were no measles! Theyre like, Everyone knows you can knock out the measles with a high dose of vitamin A. What? No. I mean, if you add a little bit of black pepper, I think maybe… you got a shot at knocking out the measles. I dont know whats happening, people. I dont know. But its pretty clear the world is ending. I dont want to shock anybody. Seems to be happening, though. I thought wed get out. I thought wed make it under the wire. I thought I would, you know. Im 56, but I dont know, I think we might see it. I think we might see it. Certainly its been ending environmentally for a long time. Weve all kind of known it, we knew it, but I think on a deeper level, the reason were not more upset about the world ending environmentally is I think all of us, in our hearts… really know that we did everything we could. You know, we really… Right? I mean, we really did. I mean, think about it, we– you know, we… [inhales sharply] We brought our own bags… to the supermarket. Yeah, thats about it. -Like, we brought– We brought the bags. -[audience cheers] Right when they told us, we brought em, and it just wasnt enough, it turns out. Just not enough… to, you know, get us over the top with this. But I dont know, maybe this straw thing, the no straw thing… will, you know, maybe thatll do it. Maybe thatll keep the polar bears from drowning. Sometimes the answer is right between your mouth and your soda, you know? And you just take that out of the equation, and… the human species survives. You know what I mean? Its gonna be a tough transition for a lot of people. You know to, like, Oh, fuck, I guess we gotta drink like grown-ups now. Its bullshit, man, no straws. Fuck this. Goddamn liberals fuck everything up. And that is the tone and depth of many of their arguments. Look, I have to be honest with you, Trump is probably the most horrible human that ever lived in any capacity doing anything. [audience cheering] And I… Not a political statement. That is, uh, observational. Completely observational. No matter what he would do. If he was doing another job, he would be the same asshole. Like, if he was working on a car lot and you went onto that lot to buy a new car and he came walking towards you, innately, youd be like, No, not that guy. Not… I dont feel comfortable with that guy. Theres something off. Not right. Its not right. And I dont know, man. Its, like, a lot of people still ask that question, like, How did this happen? Why… [chuckles] How did– How did he get elected? Now, I dont want to be condescending. I think most of you are like-minded people, I dont think theres a lot of Trump supporters in here. If there are, its not your night, but… But, uh… But I think there is a question among people that arent Trump people thats sort of like, How did this happen? Well, I had to ask myself that and Ill ask you. So, during the Obama years, were you pretty politically active? Yeah, exactly. So, like… If you ask most people, What did you do during the Obama years? Itd be something like, Well, I worked on me. I did a lot of work on my– on myself. You know, I was very mindful. There was a lot of hope then. Did a lot of yoga. A lot of yoga. Got my core tight. And I think that was good. I think thats good. They were chipping away at state and local governments for 30 years, but your Downward Dog is solid? Thats great. Thats terrific. Good for you. So I dont know whats gonna happen. I dont even know if hes gonna leave if he gets voted out. What if he doesnt fucking leave? I know most of you have thought that because now it could happen because we dont know how government really works anymore. We used to think there was rules and stuff, but clearly none that werent bendable or completely eradicate-able. Is that a word? There doesnt seem to be any rules. Theres all these norms which are basically just, Youre gonna do the right thing, right? Yeah, no problem, dont worry. What is that? How do you enforce that? What if he doesnt fucking leave? Oh, my God. But worse yet, what if he gets elected again? Oh, man. I hope the voting works in our favor. But I was onstage and I asked that question. I said, What if he doesnt leave? And a woman somewhere in the goes, uh, Thered be anarchy in the streets! I was thinking like, In this country? I dont think so. I think what would happen is three days into him not leaving, people would be like, Is he still there? This is so weird. Its so weird. I know, its fucked up and weird. Totally fucked up and weird. Is he just gonna stay there? I dont know. I dont know whats gonna happen. Well, what do we do? I dont know. Do we even go to yoga anymore? Oh, we have to go to yoga. Like, now more than ever we have to go… because that energy is important out in the world. And the instructor Chelsea will be sad if we dont go and Im worried about her. [scattered applause] Oh, thank you. [applause and cheers] Look, I dont really know– I dont know how it all– [chuckles] I dont know– Obviously none of us do, and youre just trying to, you know, get through it. I hate when people go, Dont normalize this presidency. I dont think anybody is really normalizing it, but were just trying to deal. I mean, whats the alternative? To walk around going, Oh, my God! What the fuck is happening?! Every day, Im terrified! This is fucking crazy! I mean, you cant do that. Many people have jobs, they have things to do, they have to function in the world. You dont want to be the crying guy at work. Whats the matter with him? Its that Trump thing. It hasnt stopped for almost two years now. [sobbing] I dont know! [chuckles] How do you get through it, you know? You gotta have some hope, I guess. I dont know… Uh, you know, spiritual? You spiritual? You practical? What do you do? I dont know who Im asking, I dont know who Im expecting to answer. I myself… Look, Im a Jew, for… You know, whatever that means. I mean, theres a broad spectrum of that and generally… You know, I dont know if I was ever taught to use God. How to use God… You know, we were told he was there, but most of what you learn as a middle-class American Jew is that youre better than other people and… you should say youre a Jew out loud occasionally, sometimes out of context. Like, those– those are the basic rules. And we are better than other people. Im sorry, I know thats… why were so contemptible to some of you, but yeah, thats true. And you just kind of say youre a Jew, like, maybe at dinner someone says something and you say, like, Well, Im a Jew. And it doesnt make sense to anybody, really. The one other Jew there kinda knows that youre taking the hit, like, Youre the target now and, uh… but Im glad you did your part today. But I dont know, you know, the Jesus thing, thats different. You know, thats kind of dug in. Right? If you got the Jesus put in you early on, its usually terrified into you by terrified parents and youre taken some place once a week and he scares you, uh, at the very least. Uh… [chuckles] That– Thats the best thing that can happen, is… just the basic fear. The God fear is good. Leave it at that. And that kind of sticks in there. It sticks in a little deeper, you know, so Im not judging, you know, your– your faith. Do whatever you gotta do to get by, right? Jesus, Buddha, Allah, Yahweh. The Marvel Universe, I think, works for some people. Its a very popular belief system. They claim that it isnt, but I think it kinda is, cause Ive poked at the Marvel Universe fans, and they react like religious fanatics. They– And its dug in there pretty deep. Theyll… They will claim, the grown male nerd-children, will claim… that its just entertainment and why do I gotta be some sort of buzzkill? Why am I bullying them? Well, quite frankly, I think at this point, nerd culture, Im punching up, all right? Theyre no longer, you know, the huddled weirdos. They– They now sort of run the cultural apparatus. And Im not– like, Im not saying… Yeah, I am saying its a shitty thing, but what Im saying… is I think its a belief system and I dont think theyre willing to admit that. Theres a couple of bubbles, you know? You got the Fox News bubble, which is evil and malignant. Youve got the broader Christianity bubble, which can go either way. And then youve got, you know, the Marvel Universe bubble, which is culturally malignant, but not as evil as Fox, but its troubling. Its troubling for a couple reasons, one of them, culturally, is being, like, if youre a grown-up, who doesnt feel like they need or want to see those movies, you kind of feel bullied into going, and you have to literally resist. Like, Im not going to go. Because you know people that are like, Maybe itll be fun. Dont go, dont do it. Dont give in. Youre a grown-up and you dont know what itll do to your brain. Brains are very soft, theyre a lot softer than we assume. Theres a lot of people that are, you know, allowing themselves to become stupid and they dont even know it, and its sad when youre their friend. So… But, like, for grown-up movies, the studios put so much money into those Marvel movies and it kinda pushes the grown-up movies into your home, which is fine, but sometimes you want to see a movie like a movie with an audience, not just with your cat, in my case. So… You know, sometimes because of Marvel movies, you have to drive 25, 30 miles to a smaller theater to see a good, adult independent film with other human beings, like-minded people, where you all get to leave at the end, confused by the ending. And you can overhear other people saying things like, Did he die at the end, or he didnt? Why is that not clear? I think the director wants us to be having this conversation. Well, I dont like it. Why cant we know whether he died or not? It seems important to the movie. Well, see, it clearly had an effect on you. Is this the effect you want, though? But Marvel movies… See, the reason I think its a belief system is most– some of these guys are my age, the fans of Marvel movies, and theyve been reading, like, Marvel comic books since they were, like, nine. Like, four to ten titles a month for, like, what? Forty years? I mean, come on, like, those of you who read the Bible when you were a kid, you got away from it, probably. You know, you lapsed a little bit. You dont read the Bible now unless you find a lump in your armpit or something. You know, but it sort of got away from you. These guys still read four to ten titles a month and youre gonna tell me that doesnt run deeper than just entertainment? Come on, there is a lot of grown male nerd-children that, when their life gets scary and existential and fucked up, you know, they bow down and go, Oh, Endgame will be out soon! You know, theyre going, When is the next one coming? And I think they believe it deeper than youre assuming they believe it. And I think its fine. You know, Jesus, Iron Man. Does it matter, really? These are… These are good stories. Theyre good stories. Good and evil, redemption. And oddly, you know, both of them could come back, like… Iron Man died at the end of the last movie, but its possible that he could come back. I think a lot of grown male nerd-children are hanging onto hope and they kinda know, like, Hell be back. And Jesus, of course, is prophesized, so… You know, were on the precipice of two resurrections, folks. I think it should be noticed or recognized that both the story of Jesus and the Marvel Universe created in Jewish writer rooms. Um… [cheering] A couple… couple thousand years apart, but, you know, it comes from that amazing, creative imagination that Jews have. Because of how great they are. The reason Im doing this is I just want to know that theres a few people in the room here, no matter how progressive you may think you are, that are going like, We get it, youre a Jew. Like, I just want to know that Im causing that to happen. Because I believe that most people are anti-Semitic… given the option. Im not… Im not saying theyre walking around saying, Fuck the Jews, theyre terrible, but it doesnt take much baiting, you know, like, Hey, you know, the Jewish guy stuff– You know, youre right, fuck them. Like, its just– Its right there. And I think that Im trying to find it in you so you see it in yourself. But I know youre asking, Why are Jews so amazing? Where does that creativity come from? And Ill do a quick impression of Jewish creativity for you right now. This is my impression of Jewish creativity. Keep making shit up that they like so they dont kill us! Thats– Its a deep place. It comes from a deep place. [audience cheering] Yeah. The more modern version of that in the comic book era was like, I didnt flee Poland for them to kill us! Keep making up superheroes! Similar. Similar thing. Am I right? I dont really know. I dont know what… [chuckles] I dont know… Heres the weird thing about being a Jew. You know, Im not religious, but I am prone to prophecy. Um, and I dont mean that in an arrogant way. Im not saying Im a prophet, but if Im terrified, Ill go mystical, you know? I mean, I dont mind. Ill do it. And sometimes it doesnt make sense. It makes sense to me, but, like, Ill give you an example. [inhales sharply] Like, I was hiking and, um… This wasnt too long ago, and Im looking at the ground, I realized, Wow, a lot more lizards now. I dont know what that means, but… like, I think its deep. I think that Trump has opened the lizard portal and I… think you should share that. Why cant that be a little thing of information that you spread around a little bit? Just walk up to somebody, like, say, Maron said the lizard portals open. And people will be like, What the fuck are you talking about? And youre like, I dont know, but it sounds scary. Sounds real. Sounds like its happening. The lizard portal? Yup, the lizard portal is open. Saw a coyote out during the day. Thats not right, theyre nighttime monsters. You gonna tell me the lizard portal isnt open, it is, and day coyotes are among us, and youre gonna say thats not a fucking problem? Thats not a harbinger of whats happening? Our state is on fire right now. Its on fire all the time. Every year, California is on fire to the point where its just the way it is. Two weeks ago, my friend Lynn said, Arent the fires a little late this year? How is that something you say… like its a season? It kinda is a season. Once a year, if you live in California, youre like, Ah, fuck, there are ants and shits burning. Must be summer. So they are late this year. And its crazy, man. We just kinda live with it and theyre worse and worse, and, you know, like, you get those panicky calls from friends and relatives on the East Coast. Like, my mother will call from Florida. Hi, are you okay? Yeah. What are you talking about? The fires. Oh, shit, yeah. Theyre not by me. Um… [audience cheering] Did– Did they… Did they say where they are on the news where you are? Where? Oh, shit, that is kinda by me. Hold on a second, Im gonna take a look out my front door here. Oh, shit, Ma. I gotta call you back, I… I can see the fires. Theyre, like, right here. Yeah, I gotta call you back, I gotta get a selfie with these fires. Fires getting close. Hashtag ouchie. Hashtag end times. Hashtag Los Angeles 2019! [audience cheering] Its happening. I dont know what its gonna take to get everybody, you know, to… Like, you would think at this point that wed… Like, havent we been entertained enough? Weird thing for me to say, but Jesus. Like, isnt there something that could bring everyone together and just realize, like, weve got to put a stop to, like, almost everything. Right? Oh, my God, what would it take? Something terrible. Thats what brings people together. Nothing good. Occasionally a concert outdoors. But that never really goes anywhere. [chuckles] Its gotta be something bad and big. Get everyone to fucking snap out of this… Fuck, whatever it is, trance of like… Its– Well, I think we do it adaptively. I think its sort of like, Im doing what I can in my life. Well, thats not enough. You know… [laughs] I dont know what itll take. Does the sky have to catch on fire? Would that do it? If we all walked outside and went, Oh, we fucked it. Fucking skys on fire. God damn it. I knew we were in trouble, but fuck, it made the jump from land to sky. This is bad. One guy standing there, Its not on me, man, I brought my bags. Some other dude in the back going, Hannity says this is normal! What the fuck are you talking about? I watched Hannity today, he summed it up, man. He said the sky caught fire, I think, in India, 1902… Burned for three days and it rained for, like, a month. So, dont believe the libtards spin on this. What are you talking about? Burning skys good for America. What does that even mean? A lot of jobs in a burning sky. That doesnt even make sense, stupid. Jews set the sky on fire. Yeah, of course they did. I knew it would get to that. Then some other doughy guy just standing there, maybe in his little… baseball hat going, Come on, Iron Man. Come on, Iron Man. This is your time. I know youre real. My mother is, uh, still alive and… Oof. Sorry, wrong tone. Um… Im blessed to have my mother still with me. Better? Uh… No, you know, shes still around. Thats good. And it– I think shes part of it, you know, the whole end thing. Its weird, no matter how old they get– Im 56. You know, my moms still around, got all her mental things. Shes all good upstairs, physically shes doing great, but they can, you know, they can still fuck your day up… at any age. Surprise you. Like, I got a text about a month or so ago from my mother in the middle of a nice day, all caps, I wish we could do your childhood over. With a little baby bottle emoji. What does that even mean? What is that? Like, I didnt even know what that– Like, what was the tone of that? Was it– I didnt know if she was being contrite, you know, or nostalgic, like, was… was she taking responsibility for whatever caused me to do this for a fucking living? Or– Or– was she just sort of reflecting and like, We were friends when you were four. I dont know if you remember that. Either way, I responded with, I dont think I could handle it! With this emoji… But shes part of the end, I think, shes part of the unfolding. Shes part of the prophecy. Yeah, Im pretty sure. I call her up and its– Im like, Hi, Mom. Shes like, Hi, Marc. Hows it going? Good. So glad you called. How are you? Im good. What are you doing? You know, the stuff. Thats good. How about you, everything good? Yep. What have you been doing? We went to that restaurant that we took you to when you were here. The one you always go to? Yes. They give you too much food. Okay. What else is going on? This happened, like, a couple months ago, my mother said this out of nowhere, she goes, I have to go, Marc. I have to go feed my iguanas. And I said, What? She goes, My iguanas, I have to feed them. I love you, bye. My mother doesnt have iguanas. And I thought, this is her, this is it, shes starting to go, right? But then I thought, wait, maybe its, like, senior sex code. You know what I mean? Maybe there was… a couple of octogenarian men sitting on her sofa in their boxers going, Whens this gonna happen? Is it gonna happen? You can laugh at that. Shes my mother. She can– You dont have to respect her. She can take the hit. She likes to be talked about. She does. When she hears that joke, all shell say is, Is that necessary? But… [chuckles] Iguanas, man. I did a Google search on South Florida and iguanas. Yeah. Turns out theres a massive iguana problem in South Florida. Theyre all over the place. Theyre out of control. Theyre eating through power lines, theyre showing up in cars and homes. Theres literally iguanas fucking everywhere. So, yes, the lizard portal is open. All over the world. And on every one of those websites where I looked at the iguana issue, you know what it says? Please do not feed… the iguanas. But my mother has taken it upon herself… I assume she thinks shes feeding the same few iguanas every day out behind her house, like theyre her friends. Shes just down there going, like, Look, this is some food from the restaurant we took my son to when he was here. They give you so much food, I hope you enjoy it. Look at your tongue. Look at the tongue! Look at the tongue. Now, if that isnt written somewhere in the prophetic books… When the aging Jewish witch… feeds the dinosaurs off her deck… the return of the Christ is upon us. I believe its in Revelation and I just want to say, thats my mommy and Im proud of her. [audience cheering] Yes. Im doing what I can, people. Im a 56-year-old man. Just trying to stay woke, you know? Yup. I am of the generation that needed waking. For sure. I think Im about 85% woke… and the other 15 I keep to myself. Which is actually being woke. Its putting that voice in your head that goes, Hey, you know, dont say that. Maybe dont say that. Good call. Thanks for getting my back. Its a close one. I mean, look, if you were to ask me if I was a feminist, I would say, Of course, but you know, I have my days. Um… I mean, Im a guy, Im a man. Ive been a man all my life. Before that I was a boy, and… if youre a man, look, lets be honest, you probably heard yourself or some other dude that you know at some point in time say this… Fuck em! Fuck em all! Fuck women. Now, the question is, does that guy hate women? I dont know. Lets break it down. This is just my experience. Lets break it down. So fuck all of them? All right, youre right. Just the last three I dated, right? Fucking bitches. So just three? You know what? Just Michelle, really. Fucking bitch. Broke my heart, took my shit. Fuck Michelle. So, just one woman. Yeah, and it was kinda my fault. And… I think thats a pretty good working definition of woke: It was kind of my fault. And where you go from there will determine how woke you stay. But thats the beginning of it. It could go either way, its a rough crossroads. And I think one of the biggest problems men have is that they have a dick. All… Most men have dicks. If youre a man, you dont have a dick, I hope it was a choice and not an accident. Dicks are a problem, and I think this is sort of… the TED Talk portion of my show. I, uh– I think Ill call it The History of My Dick and its meant to be helpful. Trying to help men be respectful, empathetic, and care in the proper way with boundaries about women. And, well, dicks are, you know… [stammers] Its a problem, its an obstacle. Do you remember the first time you came? Im putting this out there to the men. Uh… Its a big day. Its a life-changing day. A lot of times, it doesnt even involve sexual thoughts, it just sort of happens for some reason, usually, like, when youre eight or nine or ten. Like for me, it involved a bath faucet with running water, and I– I stuck my dick in it. And I was nine and I knew something was gonna happen. I wasnt sure what it was, but it felt pretty big, and it could have been bad, it could have been good, but I stuck with it. Turned out to be fucking amazing. And, uh, a life-changer. Really a great day. And, honestly, I fucked that faucet for a year-and-a-half. Now… Just being… Im trying to be honest and open. Ill get to the point of this. Then at some point, someone tells you what that feeling is. Maybe youre a kid who has an older brother or somebody finds a porno magazine or you find your parents copy of The Joy of Sex hidden in a mattress and you can look at fairly realistic renditions of hippies fucking, and whats… [chuckles] And, like, once someone informs you that that feeling comes from putting your penis into a vagina, that just fucking changes your entire neural pathway issue. And its sort of… all you think about… is putting your penis in a vagina… from age 13 to, like, this morning. This is truth. Its all you fucking think about cause its amazing. Like, you know, I… I was sort of surprised when I learned about it, you know, because there was part of me that was, like, when I was told about the vagina, I was like, Really? Thats not water. You know, like, so, like… And it– And it honestly seemed much more complicated, which I believe to this day is true. But once you know, man, its all… You just want to be in the vagina. And thats the problem, you know, especially for my generation of men, I think, because I really think that a lot of us didnt really realize in a deep way that women had hopes or dreams or… supportive friends, family, things they wanted to do. Those were really just hurdles, you know, to… try to put it in the vagina. Just wanted to put it in the vagina. So, like… So the way Im gonna try to help is, like, I think a lot of men have the vagina too far up front in their head still and I think that thats not really acceptable and I think its at the core of a lot of disrespect. I mean… You know, if you have vagina way up front, women know now, its not good. Its not– Its not a good look. Its not a good way to be. Like, you dont have to hug Vicki every day at work. She knows whats up. Its awkward. The weird rubbing the back thing in the break room, what is that? Thats not sociable. Its fucking creepy, you know? I would just stop it. You gotta move vagina back. ‘Cause they– Women can see it now. Vagina is right there, its, you know… its disrespectful, its insensitive. Move it back a few. Maybe, you know, three to five spaces… in your brain. Just move it back, you know. Maybe three. Maybe, like, I dont know… It just, like… Hey, hows it going? Are you okay? Vagina. You know, like, maybe… Maybe three is good. I dont know, Im just trying to help out. Three to five, I think. Fill that other– Fill the gap with niceness and, you know, empathy. Its hard for men to empathize for women cause were not women, and we have to, you know, listen, and just– you can do it. You can do it. But dont be overly crazy. You know, like, Ive actually found myself occasionally asking for consent to my masturbation fantasies, which I think is too much. Where Im literally like, Are you sure you want to fuck? And shes like, Yeah, youre making this up. Yeah, I want– I want to fuck. Im just checking, you want to fuck? Yeah, I want to fuck you bad. Okay. Im just checking, you know, that were on the same page. Weird time now, you know, and I did just see you at Whole Foods for, like, 30 seconds, so I dont think its… an inappropriate question. Yeah, just fuck me already. So were fucking and its going great. Im making it up. Its awesome. Its fucking amazing. Totally connected, symbiotic, fucking in it, just beautiful. And in the middle of it, she just, you know, pushes me off her and says, Get off of me, youre freaking me out. Im like, Whats happening? Shes like, I dont feel safe. Youre creepy now. Holy shit! What is happening? And then shes getting dressed fast, and shes about to tweet something. Im like, What the fuck is happening? Not an unreasonable question. But the deeper question is, why am I still jerking off to that? You know, like, I had… [audience cheering] I had complete control over that fantasy, and it got away from me because of my own fear, and I finished by myself jerking off to me jerking off crying… that my career would be ruined. So, Im just saying, you know, dont get– Dont, you know, go crazy. You know, just be nice. You know? Thats the message. Look, you guys, I… Ill share some other tips with you. Um… Like, you know, I was talking about being terrified all the time, and I think a lot of us are and I dont know, getting through it is tricky, like I said before, but I also apply, uh, some intentional OCD. Like, in lieu of spirituality, I think OCD functions pretty well. Like, if… Like, if you have a few things you do compulsively over and over again. Yeah, thatll get you through the day. Thatll fill the God hole. Its okay. It gets a little dicey that half-hour before you fall asleep, but, you know, just… You know what to do. Right? You know… Whatever. Either way. Either way. However you do it, you know. I dont want to be gender-specific. [murmurs coyly] You know? Thats how you fill that last half-hour. [imitates vibrator buzzing] Whatever you gotta do. Its a gift. Its a gift. But, yeah– But Ill do compulsive shit. If a news day is really bad and Im freaking out, I will do chores that are unnecessary. Like, a couple months ago, I went through my box of wires. I went through my entire box of wires. Everybody whos been buying equipment for the last 20 years, you got a pretty good bag or box of cables, chargers and whatnot going, right? Like, I went through– because every piece of equipment you buy comes with that one wire where youre like, What the fuck does this one even do? Does this even go to this machine? I dont know. Its all wrapped and its got a twisty on it. Better save it. Maybe Ill know what it does later. I might need it. Right? I went through that entire box. It took me, like, an hour and a half, did not think about the end of the world during that time. And, honestly, I did not throw one of those things away. I didnt throw… I had the exact same experience with every one of those wires I had when I got it in the first place. Oh, yeah, this one. Still dont know what it does, but its still wrapped, its got a twisty on it. Maybe the mystery is yet to be revealed. Im gonna save that one. And now Im pretty happy that I did because I dont know whats gonna happen on the last day of the planet Earth when the sky is on fire. Maybe some guy will come running up my driveway in a frenzy holding a piece of equipment saying, Hey, man! If I had a charger for this, I could save both of us right now! Right now! And I could be like, Holy shit. Might be our lucky day. Lets go look in the box, bro. And who would have thunk a Palm Pilot would be our ticket out of this mess? -‘Cause… -[audience applauds] …not only do I have a charger, I think Ive got an extra stylus. Would the– Would the stylus help us in our journey? For you younger people, a Palm Pilot was… one of the first pieces of handheld technology with a screen on it. An interactive screen it had. Like, pretend like Im showing you. And there was no wi-fi or cell phone, and you could write on the screen with a stylus, like a little pen, and I believe, if Im not remembering incorrectly, that you had to write in Palm Pilot shorthand, which was enough for me to stop using it after three days. Oh, I gotta learn a thing? Not for me. So… [chuckles] But nonetheless, it was one of the first pieces of handheld technology. Sort of a futile thing. It had this weird feature where it could communicate with other Palm Pilots, but we never knew why and you always felt kind of stupid doing it, but you would have to do it if you knew somebody with a Palm Pilot: Do you want to do the thing? Is it doing it? Yep, theyre talking to each other. About what? I dont know. Machine stuff. No, theyre not. Its just a feature no one uses. Why you gotta ruin everything? Look, theyre done. Yay. So… [chuckles] But the Palm Pilots went away. They became extinct. And it was just part of the evolution to the… technological clusterfuck that we find ourselves in the center of now. Just happily codependent to a bunch of smarter machines. Just gleefully enabling the singularity. Just looking forward to a day where well just be the fleshy appendage of a series of smarter equipment than us. Ah, how convenient thatll be. Too dark? I can go another way. I think most of us, if we lost our cell phone, youre like two hours away from wandering the streets saying, Whats my name?! Where do I live?! I have a family, but I dont know how to get in touch with them or where they are anymore. Are you okay, old man? Do you need to go to the hospital? No, son, Ive lost my phone. Would you like me to call it for you, old man? Yes, please. Thank you, son. Whats the number, old man? I dont know! I dont call myself! Its in the phone! Oh, no. Yeah, take me to the hospital. There was a time, folks, before cell phones and the internet. Yeah, some of you remember. I saw– I saw the audience. Back then, people had to do things like… wait. Yeah, you had to wait for stuff. And if you were actually waiting, like, in line or something, that was all you could do. [sighs wearily] [exhales] Do you feel all that space I created? That used to be around us all the time. There was all this space that was… all mental space. I mean, you had to wait to check for your messages at the end of an entire day. Like, if you couldnt get calls at work, there was no way anyone could get in touch with you, and at the end of the day, sometimes 6:00 or 7:00 at night, you would go home, look at a machine on your kitchen counter to see if a light was blinking, and if it was, youd actually feel a tangible jolt of excitement. Oh, its a message! Someone called. Then youd push a button and, like, eight out of ten times, it would be… [imitates repeating dial tone] Some of you dont even know what that sound is. Does that sound even exist in nature anymore? That was the sound on your machine if someone had hung up. Right? And if it went on long enough, youd hear a voice go, If youd like to make a call, please hang up and try… What happened to that guy? I dont know. Cant be a good story. And then, if you got some of those, youd spend ten minutes just wondering like, Who called me and hung up? That was the kind of mental time we had back then. Like, what were we doing with all that mental space? Using our imagination, just letting our memories do what they do in their own time and pace. Like, back then, if you couldnt remember something, that was sort of the end of it. Unless, like, you couldnt remember something and you locked on. That was problematic cause what could you do then? Yeah. Not easy. Like, lets say youre just… driving to work. This is back in the day. Lets go there now. [chuckles] Just driving to work, maybe listening to a cassette in your in-dash player. Through some, uh, Jensen coaxials or triaxial speakers. If you had a lot to prove, you had a power amp bolted onto the floor. Maybe youre listening to a little Lynyrd Skynyrd Second Helping. Not a bad band, stop judging that band, solid rock band, lot of good records, amazing double live album. Youre misunderstanding that one song. Re– Listen to it again. Listen to it again. Maybe youre listening to a little Skynyrd Second Helping, you know exactly where the tape is fucked up from that day it got stuck in the machine. That was a tough few minutes. Oh, shit, come on, man! Come on! Oh, yeah! Get it out, get the pen out, roll that cassette back up, pop it back in the deck. Now, you know. ? Call me the breeze– ? [imitates skipping tape] ? Baby ? Oh, that was that day. That was a terrible morning. So, youre just driving to work, enjoying the music, no cell phone to distract you, no internet, maybe youre just eating– eating some trail mix on your way to work. I actually am old enough to remember when it became okay to eat trail mix in a non-camping situation. Like, there was definitely… a period of my childhood where you only saw trail mix in the camping section at the– at the sporting goods store, and then I remember vaguely seeing a guy just eating trail mix in life… and Im like, Dude, can you do that? Hes like, What? To eat– Just eat trail mix… outside of a camping situation? Yeah, its just, you know, nuts and dried fruit, sometimes chocolate. But youre not camping. Doesnt matter. Its just nuts and fruit, sometimes chocolate. So you can just eat it anytime? Yeah, you can eat it anytime. Like, I kind of remember when they freed the trail mix. I dont know… if there was a corporate push behind it or not, but I remember like, Hey, we can just eat this anytime. Its just, you know, nuts and dried fruit, sometimes chocolate. So, anyways, youre driving to work… back in the day. Maybe youre chewing on a peanut, and all of a sudden, your brain just goes, Aw, fuck! Who is peanut guy? We learned about him in elementary school. Peanut guy, peanut butter, peanut oil… Fucking peanut guy! Hes got, like, three names… Hes an inventor, a scientist… God damn it! Why cant I remember peanut guy? And that was sort of your day. Like, you did other things, like, you go to work, but every couple hours youre like, Fucking peanut guy! And there was nothing you could do. I mean, you could ask a coworker. Dude! Dude! Do you remember peanut guy? We learned about him in elementary school? Peanut butter, peanut oil, inventor, scientist, three names… I cant fucking remember it! You gotta calm down. Why are you yelling? Do you know or not? I dont have to talk to you if youre gonna talk to me like that. Why dont you go fuck yourself! Just say you dont know and fucking piss off. Then you go to lunch from work. Take a lunch break. Go eat a sandwich. Its all you could do, eat the sandwich. Watch other people eating sandwiches. Just reflect on the sad tedium of self-awareness. Go back to work. Fucking peanut guy! Maybe call a friend from work, youre not even supposed to use the phone, Dude, are you there? Pick up, its me. Are you there? Pick up. Fuck! Where the fuck are you, man? Its me. Do– Do you remember peanut guy? We learned about him in elementary school, peanut guy, peanut butter, peanut oil, three names, a scientist, an inventor or some shit? Fuck! I cant fucking remember peanut guy. Im not even supposed to be using the phone, where the fuck are you? Who the fuck was peanut guy? Its Marc. Im okay. Um… Call me back when you get– Call me back later. I gotta go. Then you leave work, drive home, listen to the cassette. ? Sweet home– ? [imitates skipping tape] ? Alabama ? Happened twice. Probably should get a new tape, new deck, something. You get home. Oh, theres messages. The machines beeping. I hope its not a hang-up. Beep! George Washington Carver, man. Its George Washington Carver. Dude, are you okay? I got your message and you sounded so freaked out. You sounded crazy. And I didnt have anything to do today, so Im at the library right now. If you need me to look up some other stuff, I mean, you just sounded really crazy, man. Are you there? Are you okay? All right, call me back. George Washington Carver. Very interesting, Im still reading about him. I know a lot of shit now. Hope youre okay, buddy. Buh-bye. And thats sort of how you did a search back then. It was, uh… a longer process. [audience applauding] So, um, all right. Ive got this big idea as a Jew, as a heathen Jew. As a godless Jew, I feel like I want to try to… honor my legacy and sort of create a story, like, I think that most grown-ups know that the story of Jesus is a story. Its a biblical story, its not journalism. Um… And I just thought maybe itd be nice if I could try to construct some prophecy cause its sort of my birthright as a Jewish writer of sorts. Ill get to it, but before I do it, I just want to say, again, I dont want to judge anyones beliefs, I dont want to mock the myths that define anybody. But… [audience laughs nervously] But there is a strain of Christianity that makes me uncomfortable. Scares me, I think is the word. Uh, and– and those are evangelicals. They scare me. And Im not punching down. I think theres, like, 90 million evangelicals, and about 8 million Jews, and I hate to give those numbers out cause, yeah, its possible. -So… -[audience laughs] [chuckles] Nice uncomfortable laugh. That was very well handled. But evangelicals, and Ill tell you if youre in here, Ill speak directly to you, cause this is a safe space. Im scared. Im a little scared. Yeah. Because I didnt realize this until recently, and its logical, but I didnt put it together in my own mind in quite the way I have now, which is that in order for Jesus to come back, the world has to end. It has to. So that means there is about 90 to 100 million people that are pretty excited about it. And thats kind of problematic to those of us who dont fucking believe that shit. Right? And a lot of those people are in legislative positions. And Im sitting there thinking, like, Wait, whats happening? Is there any way theyre– theyre crafting policy to accelerate the prophecy? [scattered nervous laughter] Yeah, think about that for a second. Not exactly humorous, but powerful. If you walked up to your state senator or maybe a congressman that was an evangelical, and they were honest, and you said, Im a little concerned about global warming. It seems like humans are causing it. We need to do something about it. Its happening quickly. They would say, Not quick enough, to be honest with you. Were trying to get the flying Jew back. We got coal going, you know, its happening. Were deregulating as fast as we can. Were gonna make this shit happen. Problematic, correct? Theres a dovetailing of late-stage capitalism and Christian end times prophecy thats a little fucked up, and Im sorry, I dont mean to put this on you, but Im assuming that the horrendous greed monsters that dont give a fuck about anything are just hedging their bets. They dont believe the prophecy. In the back of their head theyre thinking, Hey, if it turns out to be true, we still got the meek, right? They can build the domes. Theres a lot of jobs in a burning sky. All right. Lets go. Ill take another angle. Whats wrong with Mike Pences face? Have you looked at Vice President Mike Pence? Hes got a sort of a knot of a face, a tight little face with dead eyes floating in a big head. Whats going on with that face? I dont know exactly, but Im pretty sure its shame-based. I dont know exactly what it is, but when I look at Mike Pence doing anything, all I see is a man standing there thinking, Dont think about cock. Dont think about dicks. I dont want a dick. I dont want to suck a dick. I dont want a dick in me. No dicks for Mikey. Jesus. I want Jesus. [audience applauding] Jesus died on a cock for me, and thats who I… Oh, sorry, I did it again, Jesus. Im sorry. Jesus is in my heart, not cock. Thats what I thinks going on with Mike Pences face. I think its trying to retreat back into his head away from all the dicks he sees coming at him. Hes got a fairly rare condition called inverted gay face, and I believe… I really believe that if Mike Pence sucked one dick, his face would pop out, and we could all be less nervous if Trump doesnt make it through his first term cause Pence is a scary Christian fascist person, and hes probably worse. Now, I know Ive gotten some pushback from the LGBTQ community about characterizing a homophobic, gay-hating man as being secretly gay as being wrong because it diminishes the fact that theyre dangerous human beings and theyre– theyre horrible. And I take that to heart and I hear you, but I think Im right about Pence. Now… Lets switch back to the story, the prophetic story, which is my hope. And you know where Im coming from. And this is gonna hurt some people, but you can take it. Its gonna land kinda bad. Like, its– its funny, but its gonna hurt going in. My hope on the last day of the planet Earth on judgment day when the sky is on fire, and… you know, everyone cant breathe at the same time. Were all looking at each other with the same dumb face… [hyperventilating loudly] And no one can help the other person and, you know, water is rising out of nowhere, and theres just no filter between the sun and our skin anymore, and our flesh is just starting to burn… This is a bad day, folks. Ugly. But its coming. And my hope on that day, in my heart, is that Jesus doesnt come back. Okay, look, I know its a small victory for us non-believers, but I think– I think itll be worth it… [audience applauding] I think itll be worth it to be standing in that water and be able to high-five the guy next to you. I knew it, man! I knew he wasnt coming! You owe me 20 bucks, fucker. My face is burning! My other hope on that day is that… somewhere… Vice President Mike Pence stands… outside, Im hoping, and among people would be best… hes in the water trying to breathe, hurting like the rest of us and he realizes whats happening, and… out loud to no one in particular he just says, Oh, I should have sucked a cock. And then he realizes, Hey, the waters only so deep, I can still kinda suck some cocks! And the vice president of the United States starts scrambling through the water trying to suck the dicks of dying guys. I mean, are they gonna argue with him? The vice president wants to blow em on the last day of the planet Earth? Theyre like, Hell yeah! So hes fucking jerking guys off, hes sucking dicks, hes having the best time of his life. He didnt know it would ever happen for him and its happening, and its happening hard! Yeah! The VPs got a dick in each hand, hes got one in his mouth… and then Jesus comes back. [audience applauding] Im sorry, Jesus. Im sorry, Jesus. Please forgive me, Jesus. Please forgive me, Jesus. I know this looks bad– [retches] Im sorry… One sec… [retches] [retches] [retching] I got it! I– Oh, Im sorry, Jesus. Im sorry, Jesus. Please forgive me, Jesus. Please forgive me. And Jesus is just hovering over Pence. Hes being held by Iron Man. Theyre both back, man. Theyre both back, baby! And Jesus looks down at Pence and he says, I cant do it, Mike. Cant forgive you. I cant. You couldnt wait five minutes? Five minutes. I cant forgive you. Pence is like, Okay, Jesus, but please can I just… Please forgive– I just wanna get into heaven, I mean… That guy gets to go? Come– Thats how I picture the rapture happening, is people just shoot up into the air like bottle rockets, like– [makes whooshing sound] And theyre not even sure its gonna to be them. Theyre like, Is it– [makes whooshing sound] Oh! Just let me into heaven, Jesus. And Jesus is like, Mike, I cant– Could you– Ease up. Mike, I– Look, Im sorry, I just– I cant– I cant do it. I cant let you into heaven. Mikes like, Oh, God. Jesus. [sighs] Is there anything I can do… to get into heaven, Jesus? And Jesus… pulls up his robe… I know its difficult. I know, I know, I understand that. Even if youre not a believer anymore, once its in there, you– you… Its hard to see that. Im– And Im sorry for that. But this is whats happening. This is a biblical story. Not any different than a Bible story. It could be a Bible story. Right? I mean, like, if this was a Renaissance painting, it would be The Test of Pence. So what happens? Iron Mans kinda shocked. Hes just trying to help out. Well, I think you know what happens, I mean… [stammers] Mike Pence fills his mouth with Jesus cock. I mean, theres no way hes not gonna do that. [loud choking sound] And… And he cant believe how amazing this day is. Like, judgment day worked out far better than anything he even assumed… could possibly happen. So hes just blowing Jesus. [moaning] And then, something weird happens. Like, Iron Mans sort of like, I… You know, Im not even sure Im supposed to be here anymore. And then something weird happens. The Jesus dick keeps getting bigger and bigger, like, to the point where it locks up Mikes jaws. Hes– [wails in pain] And its starting to hurt him and it just blows through the back of his head and it kills him. And Iron Mans like, What the fuck is happening? So he just launches into the air, and all of a sudden Jesuss dick is huge, its shooting fire, and hes swinging Pence around until his body falls off. So now hes just got this Pence-head cock ring, you know, and hes just spraying fire everywhere and Iron Mans like, Holy– What– Jesus, what is going on? And then the robe comes off and its Satan! Of course its Satan! You guys are students of the Bible. Do you think Im the kind of man that would just have Jesuss dick hanging out like that? You think I would do that to you? It was Satan all along. [audience applauding] So then Iron Man realizes whats going on, and Satans, you know, just– [demonic snarling] Spraying fire everywhere. So, Iron Man calls the other Avengers, they all come down, they– they kick Satans ass, and he goes back to hell, and then the Pence-head cock ring just falls to the Earth, and it becomes a crown of an evil guy in another story. Look, Im not a comic book guy, Im winging this. So… [chuckles] So, all the Avengers are there, and then the real Jesus comes down, and he just kinda comes down like Jesus is supposed to come down… and all the Avengers are like, [whispers] Oh, yeah… Its the real Jesus. And Jesus says, [stammers] Thanks for helping out. Good job… with all your superhero stuff. That was great. I appreciate it. And Iron Man says, Were– Were happy to help, Jesus. And then its just awkward there for a minute. And Jesus is sort of, like… kicking around in the clouds. No, maybe theyre on the ground and hes kicking around the dirt. [chuckles] And the Avengers are standing there and Iron Mans looking at him. Hes like– [sighs] [stammers] Do you want to be an Avenger? Is that whats happening right now? And Jesus says… Yeah, I… I do. I think it would be good for me right now, for my brand. And Iron Man says… Um… Yeah, okay. All right. Can– Can you do stuff? And Jesus says… Fuck yeah, I can. Im Jesus. And then the credits roll. So… And then… [audience applauding] And then the meek leave the theaters… not completely happy, most of em, just sort of like, That was bullshit, man! Endgame was so much better. I cant believe that Iron Man came back. I mean, not yet! Not yet! And Jesus is in it now? Dude, I thought that was pretty cool. Its not cool, man! Jesus is not a good superhero. It just isnt. Do you guys all think that? Well, youre all fucked up, cause love is not a good superpower. Its not. It was bullshit. I mean, how– You cant use love as a weapon. And then, like, the oldest nerd says, Yeah, you can. But then he stops and says, But its kinda my fault. Thanks a lot, you guys. [audience cheering] What a great crowd. I appreciate it. Thank you for coming out. Good night. [cheering continues] [rock music playing] [inaudible] [inaudible] [Marc] Boomer lives! [cat meows] 

PETE DAVIDSON@ALIVE FROM NEW YORK@2020@So, Louis C.K. tried to get me fired from SNL my first year, and this is that story. So, its, like, 2014 or 15, uh, and its the finale of SNL, and I-I was so shocked and happy that I didnt get fired, and this is a feeling that I get to relive every week. -I get… Just, it– its really awesome. I cant– I still cant believe it. Its very funny. Um, so, I was just celebrating, you know? Louis C.K. was hosting, and at the time, Louis C.K. was, like, a very well-respected comedian. Like, at the time. Like, yeah. At the time, he was someone that you would look up to and want approval of, at the time. At the time, it was someone you wanted to be nice to you. Um, anyway, so he was hosting, and I-I was just thrilled, so, uh, I smoked a joint, uh, in my dressing room, and as I was leaving to go into the elevators, um… Louis C.K. was, like, holding court and talking to, like, a bunch of the cast and writers and, like, cool people, and, like, they were, like, clearly very into a conversation, so I was just, like, I dont want any part of that. Like, you know, Im high. I dont wanna, like, ruin it for anybody. Or, like, I dont want that guy to know I exist, you know? So I just put my hoodie on, and I closed it really tight, and I walked all the way around to the other side of the elevators so I could not, you know, be in the way at all, and, uh, so I press the button, and Im just waitin there, and then all of a sudden, Louis C.K. stops his conversation. He looks up and points at me and goes, Look how fuckin high Pete is, that fuckin idiot! Just getting fuckin high at work, you stupid fuck. Youre gonna smoke your career away, idiot. – Oh, my God. And I was, like, so high, I was like, That didnt happen. -I was like, No, no. No. Nah. This is a me issue, for sure. He probably said, See you tomorrow, champ. -You know, I probably… So I go to work the next day, and I get a phone call from Lorne Michaels office. Uh, this was alarming because Ive been there for a year, and I have yet to hear from his office until today. So I was like, Oh, shit. You know? So I answered the phone, and theyre like, Hey, Louis just left Lornes office. He went in there to talk about you, and now Lorne wants to– you– to talk to you now, and I was like, Oh, fuck. All right. You know, cause I was like, Now Im gettin fired. Like, this is what I thought, so I was just trying to hype myself up. Its like I was just like, you know, uh, Fuck them. Theyre the ones who look stupid anyway. They hired and fired you. Theyre wrong twice. -You know? Fuckin… yeah. I was like, You could creep into the back and wild out, and nobody would fuckin notice. -Who gives a shit, right? Um… So… I was walking, uh, into his office, just trying to feel better and whatever, and I open the door, and Lornes sitting there, right? And he, uh, looks really confused, uh, as do I cause, you know, thats just, like, how I look, you know? I look like, you know, you just asked me to, like, divide. – Uh… I dont know. Um… anyway, so he looks very confused, and hes like, Sit down. So I do, and he goes, So… uh… um, Louis, uh, came in and told me that, uh, you smoke weed. Uh, and I was like, Uh, yes. Uh… the rumors that you have heard ring true. And then I saw, with his eyes, he kinda looked deflated, like he didnt know what to say, you know? ‘Cause with his eyes, hes like, Im sorry were having this conversation, but, like, Louis told on you, and he told me to talk to you, and, personally, I dont think this is a big deal cause people used to do coke here, and I think youre a pussy, actually. Im really sorry were having this conversation. You know, and I read that with his eyes, and with my eyes, I said, No doubt, homie. So… You know, it was just, like, awkward for another second, and it was quiet, and then he goes, Yeah, so I guess, uh, you know, what you could do is, I guess, you know, cause I– he said you smoke a lot of weed, so maybe you could just, like, watch, uh, the amount of weed that you smoke. And I was like, All right, Ill watch. I was like, Ill never leave it out of my sight. I was like, No problem. Im a man of my word. And I was like… Uh, he goes, Yeah. He goes, Um, again, Im sorry to have this conversation with you, but Louis brought it to my attention and said, you know, youre smokin, uh, your career away, and you smoked so much weed in the office the other day that it actually made him uncomfortable. And I was like, Oh, shit. Like, really? And hes like, Yeah. And I was like, Oh, so, like, am I fired? And he was like, No. And I was like, Why? And he was like, I dont know. -Uh… Which, again, is a conversation we have yearly, on a yearly basis. Is this the year? I dont know. Not yet. I dont know. Well figure– Well figure it out. I dont know. And that fucking killed me, you know? Like, I had to leave that office, like, with that. You know, just like, Louis C.K. doesnt like you, you know? One of the best comedians arguably ever, you know, and especially at the time, like, one of… It just killed me, you know, cause, like, why am I even doing stand-up if this guy doesnt like me, you know? Thats somebodys approval you want, and I was like, This guy fucking doesnt like me cause I smoke weed? That– that sucks, you know? And I had to, like, sit with that for, like, five years, you know? -And then, one glorious morning… …I woke up, and I read: Louis C.K. jerks off in front of women. And I went, Yes! Im… You know what I mean. Like, I didnt want it to happen, but if it was gonna happen to anybody, Im glad it was him. You know, does that make sense? Okay. Nah, its just… Let me just tell you how crazy it is to jerk off alone, okay? Um… Yeah, just, you know, be in the room with me, you know? -Is it okay? – Yeah. -Um… So… just, you know, jerking off alone is fuckin weird. You ever, like, jerk off, and it– its taking a long time, and you cant even make yourself come, and youre like, Youre a fuckin loser. Like, you cant… cant even do yourself. Oof. What makes you think anybody else would wanna do you? You know? Theres that old tale, you catch yourself in the mirror? Thats happened to me, actually, cause Im stupid. Not any– never again cause now I jerk off in the pitch-black. Yeah, I do. Phone facedown, you know, cause you could get a text, and it could reflect off the mirror, and then you can catch yourself in the corner jerking off. Mom text at the top. You ever try to jerk off after getting a mom text? Its– its damn near impossible. I didnt say impossible, but it is damn near, for sure. It is one of the harder things Ive had to do. But, no, it just– it bummed me out, like, hearin all this shit cause, like, I just felt bad for all those women that he jerked off in front of. Its just really sad, you know, cause it really affected them, and, like, if they only knew that, like, you know, when Louis, like, whipped out his dick and started jerkin it, if they just, like, lit up a blunt, he wouldve been like, Oh, fuck, is that weed? Holy shit, you fuckin animals. Im telling. You pieces of shit. Oh, fuck. Youre gonna smoke away your career. My friend, uh, that I financially support, uh, had a kid, so, uh, Im a dad. Yeah, I wasnt exactly ready for it. Uh… He gave me a call. He was all excited. He was like, Yo, bro. I got great news. I was like, You got a job? And he was like, No, bro. I had a kid. And I was like, Wow, thats, like, the exact opposite of a job. I cant wait to have a kid. Im very excited. I dont think its very hard at all. No, cause all my friends are havin em, and their complaints, uh, they dont, uh, bother me very much. All their complaints are the same. Theyre like, Bro, it cries! And Im like, Oh, man, go in the other room. Yeah, everything cries. You know? You try to make it stop, and then you leave. I cry all the time. Eventually, my friends are like, Yo, dude, I gotta go to work. I dont know. Fuckin figure it out. Get offline. So that, they say it cries, uh, and the other complaint is, theyre like, Yo, it, like, shits all the time. And that doesnt really bother me either, because, like, you know, so do I. You know, so I dont mind cleaning it up at, like, a smaller scale, you know? Plus, when you clean kids, sometimes you see spots that, like, you might have missed on yourself, you know? Yeah. You know? Youre like, Wow, Ive never seen my asshole from this angle before. Youre like, I will dab that corner when I hop out the shower. You hop out the shower, youre like, -Son of a bitch. I love babysitting… uh, cause I microdose mushrooms, so I speak baby. -Uh… Yeah, I love it. Theyre talking, you know? Uh, the other day, my, uh, my nephew was like, Bleh, and I was like, Forensic Files. Got it. So, I was… Mushrooms are great. Mushrooms are like… are kinda like being on a roller coaster when youre, like, going up, but, like, you just never go down. Its just the way up, you know, where youre like, This is sick! This is awesome! I cant believe were doin this! Oh, my God! for like four hours. Something weird, uh, happened when I was babysitting, uh, the other day. Uh, my friend, uh, his son i-is still teething, right? And, uh, so, like, we were watchin Forensic Files, and I was just sittin there, and, uh, h-hes teething, so he just, like, grabbed my hand and started, like, sucking my fingers, but, like, good. –Like… Like, I definitely left it in there for a second. I was like, No! Wow, but no! I know that joke splits the room. -Uh… Im aware. Its not the first time Ive done this. Uh… I know its weird to tell jokes like that, but this is a joke, you know. This is a comedy club. You know, it would be weird if this was, like, a town hall meeting, and I, like, grab the mic, and I was like, Hey, guys, here are some ideas I have. All right, Ill be in the lot with buttons. Um… I think girls should tell guys how to make them come. Uh… Like, the first time you have sex. Before, like, have a debriefing, you know? You know, cause apparently every girl is different is, uh, you know, what Im telling myself. Everyone is different, and I think one of them is just dead inside. -Um… Yeah, I think– Im like, No, I think youre just broken. -Uh… No, no, yeah, yeah. Sorry. I dont know. Sometimes, you just say giggly things. Um, no, but yeah, girls should tell guys, uh, how to make them come. Not when theyre comfortable, you know. I know you dont want to hurt the guys feelings, but it wont. Uh, it doesnt. You know, you could be– we could be mid-, you know, fuck, and you could be like, I hate this, and well be like, Oh, hows this? Good? Okay, forgotten. You know? Didnt even happen. You know? You should just tell the guy, you know? Like, I guess guy stuff is very self-explanatory, right? You just, like, yank it, and shit flies out, right? Its really easy. Like, my son could do it, and, uh… -Aw. But yeah, apparently, you know, its not very hard to make girls come. You know, like, if youre sweating and out of breath, Im told you have done it wrong. But, you know, all I know is from, like, porn because I grew up with just, like, a mom and a sister, right? So, like, we never had that talk, you know? I just never had that dinner where I felt comfortable to be like, you know, Yo, guys. If I wasnt your son or brother, uh… You know, so, uh, everything I knew, uh, was from porn, which is, like, a lot of movement and, like, screaming and, uh… You know, sometimes you just take it out and do a couple push-ups, you know, and then go right… Um, sorry. You know, so I-I didnt really– I didnt really know, but, like, luckily, uh, one, uh, lady told me. Apparently, theres just, like… theres this little… uh, this little thing in the vagina. Its, like, a little circle thing. I-It kinda… You know boxing? It kinda looks like the thing thats like this. The, like, speed bag thing. The thing that guys go slow or quite fast on. And apparently, the vagina is, uh, quite the same. You know? You know, you just kinda just tap that little thing very, very lightly… uh, or– or floor it, uh, apparently. Those are the two options. Yeah. Dont even have to change your outfit. Uh… But, yeah, you should just tell the guy, you know? Like I said, guy stuff is very self-explanatory, but if someone ever pulled my pants down and just started, like, punching my dick, I wouldnt be like, Aw, fuck! I hope she figures it out. -Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow! This is war. I would be like, Who sent you? What is this? Is this… Is this an assassination attempt? Like, heres something, uh, that no guy likes, but were, like, afraid, uh, to tell, uh, the girl, you know, because, uh, were, like, so close to… b-banging… Theres not many words, uh, t-to say what that is, so banging is, you know, the most appropriate… for… And this is gonna be on Nickelodeon. -Yeah. You know. Yeah, thats why I wore a suit, you know. ‘Cause usually, I dont. I always just usually dress like Im ready to be slimed. -Uh, but… But I found a nice lady suit at the Banana Republic, and Im fucking crushing it right now. I look like a divorced wife who just, like, got it together. Dont come back. I have a repertoire now. Um… But, yeah, heres something that– that no– no guy likes, uh, at all. Uh, you know when, like, a girls on top, right? Before they, like, shove the dick in them? Again, I know thats not the best way to say it, but believe it or not, Ive tried five other ways, and shove the dick in them won by, like, a landslide. -I-It… So just imagine how horrible the other four were, right? -Suddenly its better. Um… So, yeah, you know when theyre on top, and theyre about to slam it up there? -Uh… See? Yeah. Yeah. Thats what I was sayin. So you know when youre on top, and youre about to shove the dick in ya? Uh… Some– Some girls, most, uh, usually they just start sliding, uh, o-on top of the dicks before they put it up there. Theyre just like, Yeah. Yeah, do you like this? No, we dont. Fuckin hurts, a lot. Stop doing that, every girl ever, please. Please. Just put it in there. Please. It hurts so fucking bad. It hurts, you know, cause you shave or you dont, either way, youre all prickly down there, right? And then you just start, like, rubbing that against our bare little dicks. That shit hurts. Youre like, Ooh, you like that? Were like, No. Have you ever gotten an Indian burn? ‘Cause thats what it feels like. Feels like youre my moms weird friend that would do that -when she wasnt around. Yeah, everybody remembers that weird friend, right? Everybodyd go upstairs, and hed be like, Hey, kid. You ever get an Indian burn? And youd be like, No, and at first, youd be like, Cool! And then youre like, Hey, stop, mister! Yeah. No– no– no guy likes that, okay? It feels very bad. Feels like sandpaper. I guess girls cant tell, because, like, the enjoyment and the pain face are pretty much the same during fucking. Theyre both like, Ah. You know, so, like, I guess… But it– it– it really hurts, a lot. You know, and then… and then all of a sudden, uh, your dick gets, like, all chapped and, like, ripped apart, and– and then the next day, you wake up and youre like, What the fuck is this? Youre like, What– what is this? Did I get some new STD that a-arrives within 24 hours? This is crazy. And then I go to the doctor, and Im like, Hey, man, what is this? And hes like, You need to learn how to fuck, and Im like, What? What is this? Doctors in Staten Island are– are a lot different. I dont know. I, um… I have a– I have a lot of gay friends. Uh… I like, um, my gay friends cause I dont think theres, like, a more honest relationship between, like, a gay dude and a straight dude, cause theres just, like, nothing to gain, you know? So its just pure honesty, and– and gay dudes are the most honest people in the world, -also mean, but… Just honest, we could say, but its really mean. -Um, like, Ill give you an example. Like, I left my moms house the– Well, its my house too. Uh, fuck you. I dont gotta explain myself, okay? Im very, uh, comfortable with my situation. No, yeah. I love livin with my mom, uh, you know? ‘Cause, uh, I have my– I live in the basement. – Its an apartment… um… …and then theres a– well, theres the u-upper floor, which we call the common area… cause were roommates. I got– I got my own entrance downstairs, says: Petes… Entrance. -It does. Yeah, it does. Yeah. Its fuckin cool. Endless amount of Gushers. Uh-uh, youre laughing, but only the– only the cool cats are allowed down there. I gotta tell ya. Mom has to knock. -Yeah, theres no… She doesnt barge in there, ever. Always knock. Anyway, yeah. Also, every girl I date has, like, a whole batch of gay friends, right? But theres always one gay friend that I dont think is fuckin gay at all. Yeah. Girls laugh. Every guys like, Yeah, Kyle. Fuck that guy. Fuckin hate that guy. Cant say anything, but I want to. If youre confused, its the guy that, like… uh, y-your boyfriend will come up to you and be like, Hey, whats up with, uh… Whats up with Kyle? You know, that guy, you know, always hanging around. Your girlfriendll have the same response always, Who, him? Kyle? And youre like, Yeah, whats up? Whats up with that boy? You know, whats going on? And then your girlfriend will be like, Aw, please. Hes gay. You know? And youll be like, Well, is that, like, confirmed? Is it, like— is it out on the streets? Do the streets know that hes gay? Uh, and then your girl will say the same thing, No, but, like, everybody knows. And youre like, Mm, not this fuckin guy, okay? I dont know that. Nope. Im onto you, Kyle. Okay? The sleepovers, you know? If you hate pussy so much, why are you cuddling it? Very weird. You know? Youll never find me, like, cuddling a package of parking tickets or something like that, you know? Different things, yes, but good enough for me. You know, I-I-I dont get it. You know, uh, theres this– this certain type of gay dude, uh, I call them the fondlers… uh… because theres– right now, theres no rule for gay dudes. They can pretty much do whatever they want. Uh, its pretty fuckin crazy. Uh… You know, and a-all power to you, but, like, theres a lot of power. -Uh… There is! You know, gay dudes, like, theres the fondlers, right? Its that gay dude thatll, like, run up on your girlfriend and, like, squeeze her boobs and, like, slap her ass and be like, Damn, girl, you look great! I dont find that fuckin funny, like, at all. Im sorry. Like, Im all for the gayness, you know. It doesnt mean Im against gayness. Its just, like, you know how hard I work to fucking slap titties and… You know? You know how many fuckin birthdays Ive missed? You know, friends Ive lost? Christmases spent in Ohio… …and you just get to slap ass on a technicality? Thats not fuckin fair at all. Yeah, right in front of you. Walk up, slap the ass, giggle. You know, just cause he could, you know? I would never do that just cause I could, you know? I wouldnt, like, walk up to his boyfriend and, like, tug his dick and be like, Nice, Gary. Not for me, but cool! Why? What? Im straight. What? You know, theres certain rules for certain people, and I dont understand, you know? Uh, it just doesnt make sense to me, you know? But I-I cant fight it, cause Ive already played the fight out in my head, and Im sure many of you guys have, uh, where, like, it just– it never works. I always lose, you know? Uh, I go up to him, a-and he, you know, he, you know, slaps her ass, uh, you know, grabs her boobs, and does a little giggle dance, and then I go, Hey– hey, Kyle. What the fuck? And then Kyle decides to come out that day and goes, uh, Oh, uh, Im gay. A-And then its over. He won. Thats it. Thats the entire fight. You know, you might as well be like, Sorry, as you were. Tap it or floor it, Ive been told. Its just weird cause it only works… uh, it only works gay dude, uh, straight girl. It doesnt work any other way, right? Like, it doesnt work, like, straight dude, gay girl, right? Like, I cant walk up to a lesbian and, like, grab her boobs and be like, Its okay. We both hate this. Um… I get in trouble a lot. Uh, like, well, I got pulled over today on the way here. Uh, and does anybody, when they get pulled over, put on, like, Billy Joel? ‘Cause you think the officers gonna come up, License and reg– Billy Joel! Get the fuck out of here, dude! Youre not a piece of shit. I thought youd be listenin to 2 Chainz or something. All right. Oh, man. Its even more awkward when it doesnt work. Then youre just sitting there, and hes like, License and registra– -Can you turn off Bill Withers? But, uh, I get in a– I get in a lot of trouble. I got in trouble last year cause I-I was makin, uh, makin some jokes, and, uh, I got in trouble, uh, cause I made fun of this gentleman with an eye patch thats in politics. His name is Dan Crenshaw. Uh… I was– I didnt think I did anything wrong. It was, like, words that were twisted so that a guy could, you know, do– be famous, but, uh, yeah, I dont… I-It… This is pretty much what it is. I-I would like… ‘Cause I dont have, like, Twitter, so I cant, like, explain myself every time something bad happens. I was like, I guess Ill just shoot a special and tell everybody. Yeah, since Im not allowed on the Internet. Uh… Yeah. Im pretty sure if I go on the Internet, Id, like, go to jail or something. – Um… So, I made fun of this guy, uh, with an eye patch, uh, and then, like, I kinda got forced to apologize cause, like, people were, like, threatening to, like, shoot me in the face, and unfortunately, you know, I didnt pick up that call. -My roommate did, so… …she wasnt fuckin cool with that… and my roommate thought that I should apologize so that I didnt get shot in the face. So… I, um… This is what happened. So, like I said, Im very limited on SNL. I dont know, uh, i-if youve seen it. Probably havent, um, uh, but, yeah, its very minimal, the amount of stuff I get to do, right? So we were just sittin there, and we were like, What the fuck could you do, dude? Uh… You know, like youre part of the roast family, right? You do those roasts. I was like, Sure. Thats a thing. Roast family. Okay. Um… They were like, Yeah, why dont you just do a roast of, like, politicians and stuff on Update or whatever? And I was like, Aw, sick. Thatll buy me another six episodes, right? You know, I was like, Fuck, yeah. All right, cool. You know? So, uh, you know, i-its the same rules, uh, as 8 Mile with roasting, right? Y-You make fun of yourself, and then you make fun of everybody else, right? Uh, so I got this big sheet of paper with a bunch of faces, right? And I just started writing jokes, you know? This guy, that lady, this guy, that lady… And then this guy Dan Crenshaw pops up, right? And he has an eye patch, right? So already, Im like, This guy has a sense of humor. Right? Its, well– ‘Cause he has an eye patch, you know? If you lose your eye, theres like three other things you could do before you go eye patch, right? I-Im not being a dick, seriously. Y-You go glass eye, you go glass eye with the glasses over it, and then you go fuckin sunglasses, and then you get an eye patch, right? So I was like, This guy is funny. I was like, This guy is self-aware. I was like, What a sport. Right? So… um, I was like, All right, lets just write, like, a harmless, you know, joke or whatever, right? And, uh, I was like, Okay. This guy looks like a hit man in a porno. Right? Very harmless Saturday Night Live joke, right, where youre like, Ha-ha-ha. Next stop, please. Um, that was me in a cab. -Uh, and, the– Thats where it plays. Uh… well cut that. Cut that right out. No problems at all. Cut it right out. Never happened. Right back to fucking. Right back to fucking. Never even happened. Um… Oh, I always wanted to do this. Congrats on fucking. Uh, thanks for unpausing and continuing to watch. – Sorry. I just… Ive always wanted that to happen when I was watching a Netflix thing. Hey, man, how was it? Was it cool? Was it everything you hoped for? I hope so. Must have been good to pause it at the Crenshaw shit… …you motherfucker. Uh… Were havin fun. No, sorry. – Okay. I dont even… Fine. Um… So, you know, I wrote a little joke, like, uh, you know, um… You know, He looks like a hit man in a porno. Right? Wrote it. Didnt even think about it, right? Uh, then all of a sudden, right before Im about to go on the floor to do the fuckin Update, uh, one of my buddies who helped me write it goes, uh, Hey, man. Uh, I just did some research. And I was like, You just did some research now? And hes like, Yeah. They wait till, like, the last minute over there. Um… And hes like, Yeah, that guy, Dan Crenshaw? I think he might have lost his eye in, like, a war or something like that. I was like, What? They were like, Pete, come to the floor. I was like, Fuck! And he was like, Dude, youre gonna be great. Dont worry, itll be fine. Its your face out there, not mine. Its gonna go great. So I go out there, and I try to be mindful, which is hard cause Im always on mushrooms or, you know, stuff like that. So, like, being mindful is, like, fuckin, ugh, top-of-the-list tough. Uh, you know? Not like being mindful, just, like, all-of-a-sudden mindful. Like, Hey! And youre like, Oh! Thank you to the 12 people that understood that. Ee! What the fuck, joke? Like I said, theyre just givin em out to everybody on Netflix. Right here, sir. Yo, you fucked again? Thats awesome, dude. Thank you again for coming back. I appreciate it. Man, that mustve been good, son. Thats whats up. Thats whats up. Seriously, though, during the Crenshaw shit? Come on, man. Thats fucking… Im enjoying that with you cause its the first time I also heard it. Um… So, you know, I-I go on the floor, right? And my buddy told me he mightve lost his eye in a war, so right now, Im like, Aw, fuck. I got to be mindful of that, right? I got to apologize after the joke I say, right? Get– get ahead of it, right? So I-I slide out, right? And I do. I do apologize. I remember exactly how it went. I remember exactly what I said. Ill never forget it. -Uh… I said, Uh, Dan Crenshaw. He looks like a hit man in a porno, right? Got that fucking mediocre, you know, laugh, right? And then right after, I go, Im sorry. I know he mightve lost his eye in a war or whatever, and I said whatever, and people were like, You hate America! Im like, No! I just didnt want to be incorrect about how he lost his fuckin eye. Is that a fucking crime? He couldve lost his eye in war or whatever. I dont know how he lost his eye. Couldve been in Afghanistan, couldve been making a sandwich. I have no fuckin idea. Sorry I dont have fuckin Dan Crenshaw fuckin baseball cards with all of his stats and information. My bad. Its an expression. I was trying to be mindful. You know? General Patton, right? General Patton, one of Americas greatest heroes. He died in Nazi Germany a week after the war in a car accident, right? But when we talk about the great General Patton, we say, You know, he died in war or whatever, you know? Its just easier to say rather than, like, Well, he won the war, and then made a bad turn, and… Yeah. Its an expression. Doesnt mean I hate America. Okay? So, the only thing I-I-I-I dont like is people, like, Its your fault that guy won, and thats not true. I think, like, most of the votes were in, and that guy is a Republican with an eye patch in Texas. Uh, so it was a lock before it even started. Yeah. I couldve told you that. They just, in Texas, Im pretty sure they just only have pictures. Thats how they vote. You know? So I-I did not make that guy win, okay? That is, you know, Americas fault. You know? As is this. Uh… Yeah. You know? I did not– I did not do anything for that guy. The only thing I did do, which I am guilty of, and I apologize for, is I did make that guy famous and a household name for no reason, right? I did what, like, Ariana Grande did for me, right? Yeah. Yes. I sucked his dick at SNL. Uh… I wasnt gonna do jokes about this, but then my buddy told me, hes like, Yo, Ive recently heard that Ariana said she had no idea who you were, and she just dated you as a distraction. So now I just think its, like, fair game. Uh… So, yeah. Also, dont applaud. This isnt, like, a Drake vs. Lil Wayne concert. Like, this isnt, like, a competition, you know? She has, you know, her songs and stuff, and this is what I have, okay? So… all right. Thats– thats it, all right? Um, so… And youre like, Pete, this isnt fair. Like, Youre airing out dirty laundry. How could you do that? Where did she say this stuff? To her friends in the confidence of her own home? No, she said it on the cover of Vogue magazine. Can you imagine if I did that? Can you imagine if I did that? My career would be over tomorrow. If I spray-painted myself brown and hopped on the cover of Vogue magazine… -…and just started shitting on my ex. Can you imagine– No, dont clap. Those are Drake vs. Lil Wayne claps. I dont like that. I like the giggles. Its just jokes. Can you imagine if I did that? If I was like, Yeah, I was just fucking her cause I was bored, and then Fortnite came out. It would be insane. And youre like, Pete, something had to happen to her, right? There had to be some repercussions, right? No. She won Billboards Woman of the Year, and I got called butthole eyes by barstoolsports.com. So sometimes, life is a little unfair. Again, these are jokes. I-I dont want any smoke, okay? From– My biggest fear is Im gonna get a shot in the back of the head by, like, a nine-year-old with a ponytail. And the last thing Im gonna hear is, Hashtag canceled, and then just pop, right in the back of the head. Again, I dont want no smoke from the… from the nine-year-olds. Um… No, shes a really powerful woman, that, uh, that– that, uh, Ariana. Shes a–shes a very, very powerful woman, you know, a-and very smart. You know, you gotta be to be able to ruin Starbucks for a person. You know? I walked into Starbucks. I was like, Can I have a medium coffee? The guy was like… Fuck you. Im going to Dunkin Donuts. Why are they getting rid of them in the city? I cant find one. A lot of people ask me all the time, you know, like, What was that like… Well, its like any other breakup, you know, just except everybody sees it. Uh… – Oh! Yeah, its just– its, uh, like… I-I didnt know what I was get– I kinda knew what I was getting into, but I didnt know about the picture thing. If I knew about that, I wouldve seen a dermatologist before I started dating. I wouldve, like, taken proper precaution, but I didnt really… Its like any other breakup. You have your boys over. They all lie to you. You know? Theyre like, Dude, no problem, bro. Pfft. Nobody even knows who she is. -Uh… Oh, its all good, bro. Its all good. Better off. No problem. You know? And then that song came out, and my friends were like, Bro, I love you. I love you, right? Shit is catchy. Shit is very catchy. Youre gonna have a rough eight months. Im sorry. Im sorry. I actually happen to like the song. Im sorry. I like you but… My grandpa said, he goes, Its a slap. Peter, Peter, its a slap. Uh, Im really sorry. Uh… Its a good song, and I dont– I dont even listen to that shit. And I was like, I get it! Um… But yeah. Uh, this is the only thing I didnt like that I got out of it, which every– is a common misconception. Uh, I dont like that she talked all this shit on, like, behalf of my dick. I thought that was, like, super weird. She was like, Yeah, it didnt work out, but, like, nice dick. I thought that was really weird cause everybody was like, Aw, thats– thats– what a nice… what a nice, uh, girl. First of all, lets take a step back. Can you imagine if I said that shit? Can you imagine if I was like, Sorry it didnt work out. Nice pussy, though! That shit wet! Whoo! Good pussy, but sorry. Its ridiculous. I had to sit there like, Ah. Yeah. This is the only thing. It just– I didnt like it because its just simply not true. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Its just not– She has little, tiny, little hands. She has… just very little hands. Everythings fucking huge to her. Yeah. It was a fucking joke the entire time we were together. I was like, Huge to you, but small to everyone else. This rocks! You know? So you ask yourself, youre like, Why? Then, why, if she knows this information, then why would she tell everybody what a great, big penis you have? Right? Why would she do that? You know? ‘Cause to the outside, youre like, Wow. What a nice lady. Didnt work out. Gave him a– Gave him a nice word. You know? -Told everybody he has a nice penis. Right? Thats not why. She did that so that– Well, shes a genius. Remember this. Shes a very smart person, okay? She did that so that every girl that sees my dick for the rest of my life is disappointed. – Aw! Its genius! Its a lifetime L. Hold that. I didnt even get to enjoy my big dick summer, or whatever the fuck it was called. Please stop doing that. I have a family that reads. Stop. My poor mother. Anyway, uh, well do some 9/11 jokes, and then well get the fuck out of here. How does that sound? Cool. Yeah. Only time Ill allow cheering for 9/11. My, uh, my– my dad, he– he died on 9/11. And I was told I had to explain that before I do these jokes, cause some people dont know, to which I retorted, uh, that, uh, I dont think I should say that cause it will just stop the show and make things awkward. I won. I was right. When your dad dies, and he works for, like, the state or the government or whatever… I dont know. He was a fireman. Whatever that is, um… You, uh… Sometimes your family gets, like, a little bit of money. Not a lot of money. A little bit. So… Um, we got a little bit of money, and I remember my mom, you know, to make me and my sister feel better, uh, she wan-wanted to get us a pool with the money, right? Uh, she figured shed get us a pool, and then, you know, like, people would want to be our friends, and they would come over and swim in it. You know, which is dark. Um… swim in the death pool. Uh… Yeah. Like, its a nice idea, but the sentiment, every cannon ball has a weird meaning behind it. Just doing laps every day like, Is this even? Is this even? No, uh… No, I remember my mom got us a pool, me and my sister, right? And, uh, kids– I was, like, seven when my dad died, so, like, kids dont understand that shit. They dont– They dont know whats going on, right? So I remember I got the pool, and kids at school would be like, Yo. Youre so lucky, man. Youre rich. You have a pool. You know? And Id be like, Yeah. Luckily, I have a pool -that I fill up with tears every summer. ‘Cause thats how you know youre rich, when you can swim in your own sadness. Thank God Osama bin Laden didnt miss his alarm clock. You know why? I wouldnt have a fucking pool! Im sorry. Please come over later. I appreciate it. Were keeping that, Jason. I dont care what you say. Anyway, so I did this, uh, thing about my dad over the summer. I had to, like, shoot this thing. So I had to, like, do, like, research on my dad kinda, and I had to, like, hang out with his friends, right? And Im from Staten Island, my dads from Staten Island, so, you know, his friends are like me. They– theyre trash, right? Yeah. Were garbage people. Literally. We have– we– were known, like, the thing– were known for having the worlds biggest garbage dump, uh, that you can see from space. Thats what the cab driver would say as you entered Staten Island. I dont know if you knew this, but this place has the biggest dump. You know? As opposed to like, Look at the tree! Um… And youre like, Aw, well, what happened to the dump? You know? Whatd they do? Ah, well, they built a park over it. Uh, and youre like, Oh, that– You mean, they– they got rid of all the garbage? No. They just fuckin built a fucking park over it. So, in ten years, when it starts fallin apart, kids are just getting stabbed by fuckin 98 Hondas. Anyway, Im trying to explain to you Staten Island people. Its– thats not a good exam– Oh, its kinda like— like, if you had a Marlboro Red, and you, like, threw it in the bathtub, and it, like, came to life. Thats… Thats… …thats what a Staten Island guy is like, you know? Um… Anyway, so I had to go meet up with his friends, right? But, uh, all the stories I knew from my dad were from when I was seven, you know, so the stories that they were telling me were, like, way different… than what I had previously heard. Uh… Like, I dont even know who this guy is. Uh, like, Ill give you an example. When I was little, my dads friends would be like, Your dad was the man, you know? We used to, like, play basketball and do our homework, you know? He always used to finish his plate. Always used to finish his plate! Finish it! Why? I figured out… …theres a reason why finishing your plate at seven was so difficult. Its cause adults are saving us the same size portion as them, and were a third of their size. So when we get a third of the way through, we are full, and you yelling, Eat it! doesnt help. It just makes everybody fat. You know what I mean? My mom used to be like, Theres starving kids in Africa. That was her go-to line to guilt me into anything. Id be like, Yeah, be that may, but if a kid in Africa got a third of the way through this, hed be like, – ‘I am full.' I like how half of you are like, Thats funny, and the other half are like, I dont know if you can do that, dude. I guess well check Twitter: the decider of all. Twitters the new pearly gates. They decide all peoples futures. Um, anyway, so I had to meet with my dad, uh, his friends, and I was like, Tell me some stories about my dad, and he was like, Oh, we used to do coke all the time! – And I was like, What? And he was like, Oh, Im sorry. Was I not supposed to tell you? And I was like, No, its cool. Its just, I wasnt expecting that. You know, growing up, I heard, like, you know, he always played basketball and did his homework and, like, finished his plate, you know? I guess the third one still applies kinda, but… yeah. -Um… I just wasnt– And hes like, Im sorry. Should I like protect you? Am I, like, telling you too much stuff? I was like, No, its just, like I said, I grew up thinking, like, you know, I always knew my dad was a hero, but, like, I didnt know he was a fuckin superhero. I didnt know he was the coolest guy ever. What a man of the 90s, just doing blow and putting out fires. What a legend. Never been prouder. God, did that make me smile. How awesome is that? Can you picture that? Your house is on fire. A fire truck pulls up. One guy gets out, and hes like, All right. Im gonna get the hydrant. Another guy gets out. Hes like, Im gonna secure the area, and then my dad gets out, like, Lets fuckin go! Whoo! No helmet! Thank you, guys. Have a good night. I appreciate it. Thanks for comin. Thank you. ? Never need a bitch Im what a bitch need ? ? Tryna find the one that can fix me ? ? Ive been dodging death In the six-speed ? ? Amphetamine Got my stummy feeling sickly ? ? Yeah, I want it all now ? ? Ive been running through the pussy Need a dog pound ? ? Hundred models getting faded In the compound ? ? Tryin to love me But they never get a pulse down ? ? Why? ? ? ‘Cause Im heartless ? ? And Im back to my ways ‘Cause Im heartless ? ? All this money And this fame got me heartless ? ? Lowlife for life cause Im heartless ? ? Said Im heartless ? ? Tryna be a better man But Im heartless ? ? Never be a wedding plan For the heartless ? ? Lowlife for life cause Im heartless ? Ill tell you, the shows over, but this is a story I would like to tell people. Uh, yeah. This is a story I wanna tell people. So, this is, um, the only other story Ive heard about my dad, okay? Um, so… …I hang out with this dude, uh, and I was like, Tell me stories about my dad. He told me he did coke, and I was like, Do you have any other stories? Hes like, I got one more. I was like, Okay. All right. He goes, So, one time… He goes– This is how he talks. I dont want you to think, like, I created this guy. That would be embarrassing. Uh, but this is how the guy talks. Hes like, So, one time, me and your dad went to the Poconos for a wedding, right? Now, Poconos is like white-trash Bahamas. -Its, like… …its like where you go to try and, like, fix your marriage and, like, fuck in a heart-shaped tub, and you put a quarter in the bed, and it, like, shakes. And youre like, It shakes like our life! So… hes like, Were out there in the Poconos, right? So, were at– were at a wedding, right? Uh, so Im at the wedding, and, you know, were having a good time. Were fuckin dancing. Getting real fucked up, right? Were getting fucked up. I was like, Cool, dude. From 87. Getting fucked up. Still proud of it. Uh… Uh, and he goes, uh, So, you know, me and your dad, were at this wedding. Were sharing a room, right? Were sharing a room up in the Poconos, so Im with this girl, and Im tryin to go fuck her, right? Right? Like, he always said right, like I was gonna be, like, No. That is not… that is not how the story happened. Ive never heard this before. Yes. Hes like, So Im tryin to fuck her, right? So I look for your dad. I look all over the wedding. Im like, ‘Where are you, Scott?' Thats what he said. I was like, ‘Where are you? I dont see you.' -Uh… He acted it out for me. Uh… And he was like, So I just thought, you know, maybe he was fuckin someone, right? So I go back to the hotel room, right? Your father, nowhere to be found, right? So Im with this girl, right? And we just start fucking banging, right? And its fucking sick, right? Im fuckin doing her every which way, you know? I had her up here. Shes coming over there, and then we went in the bathroom. I was like, Yo. When does my dad come in? ‘Cause this just sounds like an oddly specific fuck story that you remember from 87. He goes, Hold on. Hes coming. I just want you to know Im not a pussy. And I was like, I know youre not a pussy. Uh, he goes, So, were– were fuckin, right? Uh, and he goes, You know, she comes. I come, you know. Her first, obviously, you know? Uh… and then were done, right? And were just, like, layin in it, and, uh… …all of a sudden, I see across the room, I see a cigarette cherry glowing in the dark. I turn on the lights. Its your dad! And I go, ‘Scott! Ive been looking for you. And he goes, ‘Hey, guys. Thanks for the free show.' And he goes, Now, thats your dad. And I was… And hes like, Isnt that a great story? I was like, No! Youre not telling people that, are you? Its a horrible story. Is this girl alive? I have to, like, find her and, like, pay her off now. What the fuck is this information? Anyway, thank you guys for comin out. Have a good night. Thanks. ? I fuck up and lose control ? ? Burned so many bridges Got nowhere to go ? ? Bitches got these motives Like Anna Nicole ? ? Im smokin cigarettes alone Until it burn a hole ? ? In my lungs, in my soul In my denim coat ? ? Same place Imma keep that knife If Imma slit my throat ? ? This shit ugly I was just with Nipsey, now he ghost ? ? They even got my homie Pete out here Like, fuck the jokes ?

RICKY GERVAIS@GOLDEN GLOBES OPENING MONOLOGUE@2020@Hello and welcome to the 77th annual Golden Globe Awards, live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel here in Los Angeles. Im Ricky Gervais, thank you. Youll be pleased to know this is the last time Im hosting these awards, so I dont care anymore. Im joking. I never did. Im joking, I never did. NBC clearly dont care either — fifth time. I mean, Kevin Hart was fired from the Oscars for some offensive tweets — hello? Lucky for me, the Hollywood Foreign Press can barely speak English and theyve no idea what Twitter is, so I got offered this gig by fax. Lets go out with a bang, lets have a laugh at your expense. Shall we? Remember, theyre just jokes. Were all gonna die soon and theres no sequel, so remember that. But you all look lovely all dolled up. You came here in your limos. I came here in a limo tonight and the license plate was made by Felicity Huffman. No, shush. Its her daughter I feel sorry for. OK? That must be the most embarrassing thing thats ever happened to her. And her dad was in Wild Hogs. Lots of big celebrities here tonight. Legends. Icons. This table alone — Al Pacino, Robert DeNiro … Baby Yoda. Oh, thats Joe Pesci, sorry. I love you man. Dont have me whacked. But tonight isnt just about the people in front of the camera. In this room are some of the most important TV and film executives in the world. People from every background. They all have one thing in common: Theyre all terrified of Ronan Farrow. Hes coming for ya. Talking of all you perverts, it was a big year for pedophile movies. Surviving R. Kelly, Leaving Neverland, Two Popes. Shut up. Shut up. I dont care. I dont care. Many talented people of color were snubbed in major categories. Unfortunately, theres nothing we can do about that. Hollywood Foreign Press are all very racist. Fifth time. So. We were going to do an In Memoriam this year, but when I saw the list of people who died, it wasnt diverse enough. No, it was mostly white people and I thought, nah, not on my watch. Maybe next year. Lets see what happens. No one cares about movies anymore. No one goes to cinema, no one really watches network TV. Everyone is watching Netflix. This show should just be me coming out, going, Well done Netflix. You win everything. Good night. But no, we got to drag it out for three hours. You could binge-watch the entire first season of Afterlife instead of watching this show. Thats a show about a man who wants to kill himself cause his wife dies of cancer and its still more fun than this. Spoiler alert, season two is on the way so in the end he obviously didnt kill himself. Just like Jeffrey Epstein. Shut up. I know hes your friend but I dont care. You like to make your own way on your own playing, didnt you? Right, but seriously, most films are awful. Lazy. Remakes, sequels. Ive heard a rumor there might be a sequel to Sophies Choice. I mean, that would just be Meryl just going, Well, its gotta be this one then. All the best actors have jumped to Netflix, HBO. And the actors who just do Hollywood movies now do fantasy-adventure nonsense. They wear masks and capes and really tight costumes. Their job isnt acting anymore. Its going to the gym twice a day and taking steroids, really. Have we got an award for most ripped junky? No point, wed know whod win that. Martin Scorsese, the greatest living director, made the news for his controversial comments about the Marvel franchise. He said theyre not real cinema and they remind him about theme parks. I agree. Although I dont know what hes doing hanging around theme parks. Hes not big enough to go on the rides. Hes tiny. Right… The Irishman was amazing. It was amazing. It was great. Long, but amazing. It wasnt the only epic movie. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, nearly three hours long. Leonardo DiCaprio attended the premiere and by the end his date was too old for him. Even Prince Andrew was like, Come on, Leo, mate.You know… youre nearly 50 son. The world got to see James Corden as a fat pussy. He was also in the movie Cats. But no one saw that. And the reviews, shocking. I saw one that said, This is the worst thing to happen to cats since dogs. But Dame Judi Dench defended the film saying it was the role she was born to play because she — I cant do this next day — because she loves nothing better than plunking herself down on the carpet, lifting her leg and licking her ass. (Coughs.) Furball. Furball. Shes old-school. Its the last time, who cares? Apple roared into the TV game with The Morning Show, a superb drama about the importance of dignity and doing the right thing, made by a company that runs sweatshops in China. So… Well, you say youre woke but the companies you work for– I mean– unbelievable. Apple, Amazon, Disney. If ISIS started a streaming service youd call your agent, wouldnt you? So if you do win an award tonight, dont use it as a platform to make a political speech. Youre in no position to lecture the public about anything. You know nothing about the real world. Most of you spent less time in school than Greta Thunberg. So if you win, come up, accept your little award, thank your agent, and your God and fuck off, OK? Its already three hours long. Right, lets do the first award.

NATE BARGATZE@THE GREATEST AVERAGE AMERICAN@2021@[folk rock music playing] ? Family ? ? Singin in the kitchen ? ? Family ? ? Runnin through the yard… ? ? Family ? ? Goin on vacation ? ? Family ? ? On a credit card ? ? Hey ? [girl on phone] That was so fun, Daddy. You did your riding with the horses? Yeah. But it was really good today cause I got to ride her– Okay. All right, Harper, I gotta do a show. Be funny. Be funny. I love you. I love you. We love you. And now, please welcome my daddy, Nate Bargatze! * * * [audience cheers and applauds] [folk rock continues playing] [audience members cheer] All right. This is it. Uh, this is fun, huh? This is… Yeah. I mean, let me tell you, 2020 has been my favorite year. Out of all the years, this has been the best one. I mean, I dont… You know, theres aliens. They said theres UFOs. And no one cares. Thats… What kind of year could you have that you could sneak in, Hey, everybody, on the news… At the end of the news! They go, Theres UFOs. Youre like, Aw, do they have COVID? And youre like, No. I dont know. They wont get tested. But, uh… Its funny, I told my wife that. I said, They said theres UFOs, and she just went about her day. I mean, just… You might even watch this and be like, I didnt hear that. Thats the point. Thats how amazing 2020 has been. I also feel this is a good year to see where your friends are at. You know? You want to be in the middle, I think. And Ive got friends that, they take a shower with their mask on, and they sleep with a mask on, cause they have a hamster, and the hamster probably has it, and they live alone, its just them and the hamster. And I also have friends that I dont think have even heard about COVID. I… It looks like someone told them to try to go get it, thats how theyre living. I have a lot of friends, too, they tell me they already had it. Theres a big… Theyre like, I had it, I had a fever. Uh… February, had a fever for a couple hours, so probably had it. I had one friend, he told me he had it in 2015. Hes… I mean, convinced. He goes, I had it in 2015. I was the first, and it just didnt catch on like it has now, but… I can tell you one thing thats gone forever is coughing in public. Thats… Thats a wrap. I mean… You drink water wrong at a restaurant, just go walk in traffic. Um… Whole restaurant just stops. Your table would be like, Get out of here. Get out of here. You know who thatll hurt the most, the cough in public? My parents, cause thats one of their favorite things to do, is cough in public. They love it. Thats all they do. They cough everywhere. My dads choking constantly. Just always… If hes not choking, thats when we get worried. Thats how much choking… We go to a restaurant, theyre like, Is your dad okay? Im like, I didnt… Yeah, thats just what he does. You know? Ive been traveling all over the country during this COVID, and what Ive seen is… Look, in the middle of the country, theyre doing good. I went to a NASCAR race. They had masks, doing what theyre supposed to. A lot of people are doing it, were trying. We take our temperature. I went to Buffalo Wild Wings. They took my temperature. You telling me that teenager doesnt know what hes doing? Is that what youre… Dont think hes going to doctor school? Thats how they get started, is he takes temperatures, and hes like, 45 degrees. Youre good. Uh, yeah, youre, like, 60 degrees from the problem. So I dont, you know… And theyre not even worried about it. Fifty-seven degrees. Youre like, Actually, Im dead, dude. Thats not good. I asked, Does that even work? I dont know. When it beeps, I just tell them to go ahead. I… I swear, one kid said, Beep. I dont think his beep worked, and he goes, Beep. And I was like, Was that… And he goes, Youre fine. [Nate chuckles] Ive done pretty good during COVID. I, uh… ‘Cause I feel like you could either… I lost some weight during COVID. You could go two ways. If you wanted to gain weight, this is your time. I mean, everybodys fine with it. You can just do it, but Ive been doing all that up until COVID. Ive always lived by that rule. So during COVID, I was like, I need to stop. And my neighbor started working out in his driveway. So hes like, Lets work out in my driveway. And, you know, its hard to make excuses during COVID. Youre like, Im just so busy. Im just… I cant, I got a lot of stuff to do today. And hes just out there. So I started to do it with him, and he had a trainer, and Im not a big fan of working out, never done it. And I told them, I just wanna do upper-body stuff. And they go, All right. Well, how about we just do legs every day? Thats all it is, is legs. I think its a huge conspiracy with trainers that you never actually do your upper body, and when you are doing it… I asked him, Is this upper body? He goes, Yeah. I go, Yeah? ‘Cause Im bending down quite a bit. What I eat, thats the main problem. I eat like a child. I eat… I mean, its not good. He goes, Lets go through what you had for breakfast, your whole day of eating. He goes, Lets go through yesterday. And in my head, Im like, Yesterdays not a good day. Lets pick another day. Uh… He goes, Go through yesterday. I go, All right, I had donuts in the morning. And he goes, All right, was it like they were just out or something? I go, No, I drove. I drove to it. I drove to it. Hes like, Is it on your way? I go, No, I was late to where I was going because of it. He goes, What about late-night snacking? I was like, Well, I had Sour Patch Kids last night. He goes, Did you watch a movie? I go, No, just regular TV. And hes like, The little kid bag? I go, No, it was a bag. It was a bag of em. If you saw it without a label and someone said, ‘Hand me that bag, they wouldnt be confused on what you were asking. I always have trouble going to sleep, and I swear, every doctor… Its like, I eat Sour Patch Kids and have soda, and Im like, Whats going on, man? I cant… Dude, at night, my brain just doesnt stop. And theyre like, Yeah, dude, you cant eat Sour Patch Kids in bed. Maybe thats a problem. Weve been traveling around like crazy. Did all these drive-in dates that have been super fun. I like traveling, love being on the road. I remember one time, I was in Los Angeles, and I was going to South by Southwest in Austin, Texas the next day, and I had a really early flight. I remember the night before, I was like, Just be normal, have a normal night. And ended up hanging out, became a bit of a problem. [chuckles] And I wake up the next day, and my flight is gone. Ive missed it, and its not like its at the gate, it is in Austin, Texas. They are checking into their hotel. So I go to get my phone to get another flight, and Ive lost my phone. The night before, Ive lost it. So now I dont have my phone. So I have to go buy a ticket over the counter like its the 50s. And when you walk up to a counter, they dont expect you to be buying a ticket like that. I got up there, and theyre like, All right. I was like, I would like one ticket to Austin, Texas, please. And they said, All right, go buy it and dont be weird about it. I go, No, Id like to write a check to you for one ticket to Austin, Texas. They didnt have a flight, so I have to do that at every terminal. I just have keep going, One ticket to Austin, Texas, please. I finally found a flight, but the girl behind the counter, shes never sold a ticket like that. Ive worked here for ten years. No ones ever done this. I dont know how to do it. She went back and got probably the oldest lady Ive ever seen. I think shes there for just this reason. She came out, she had that old credit card machine that you run. Shes like, I got it. Ive been… This is super fun for me. It was weird to not have my phone. Everybody has their phone. I was going through the airport, and you just dont have it, and you just stare. I mean, we were waiting in line, and youre just looking ahead. I mean, people are just like, All right, dude, what is wrong with you? Just regular people… Like, Wheres your phone? Im like, I dont have it. Id like to talk to you, though, if youll talk to me. Id love to chat for a little bit. I thought I was going to breeze through security, but I got held up cause of the guy in front of me. He goes through the metal detector, and it goes off, and so they ask him, Do you have anything metal on you? And he goes, I have keys on me, my keys. And we thought he was gonna say his knee or hip, you know, just… Old people have metal in them a lot. And he goes, Keys? Do you think that would do it? Youre like, That would be the number-one answer on Family Feud of what would set a metal detector off. Keys. I told him, Look, lets try it with and without it. Id love to know. Maybe theyve been lying to us about this key thing. So Ive been doing these drive-in shows, these drive-in movie theater shows, and my buddy Nic Novicki‘s been with me. And Nics a little person, very fun. We started comedy together. Nics very fun to be friends with, very easy to trick. We were once at a coffee shop, and a guy was sitting near us with a big husky dog. And Nic just goes, Hey, you think thats a wolf? And I just said, Yeah, I do think its a wolf. Uh… They just passed a law that if you can catch a wolf, you can have it as a pet. He goes, Should I go ask him about it? I was like, Absolutely. I mean, he wants to talk about it. Thats why he brought that wolf out here. I watched him walk over to him and just go, Excuse me, is that a wolf? And the guy, he didnt really know how to answer. Hes like, What? I mean, you think I brought a wild wolf to this coffee shop… and the wolfs just being cool about it? Its not losing its mind right now? When we were doing these drive-in shows, we were all on a bus together, I convinced Nic that I didnt know who Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding were. Nic is learning this, that I do know who they are, hes learning right now with you. I never told him. I absolutely know who they are. He brought… All his references are just 90s sports references. [chuckles] He only can reference the 90s. So he brings up Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding. I was like, Whos that? Hes like, What? You dont know who they are? I was like, I dont think anybody knows who they are. He goes, Dude, this was a huge story. Figure skating. It was like a Mafia hit. I was like, Ive never heard this, dude. Dont you think I wouldve heard it? I was like, No one knows this. And hes losing his mind. I go, They should make a 30 for 30 if its that good. He goes, They did! Another guys like, They should make a movie about it. He goes, Theres a movie! Hes just losing it. One of my favorite ones was… This was forever ago. Were going to a friends house, and it was a four-flight walk up, and so we had to walk up four flights. Obviously, I walk faster than Nic, and I used to wait for him, but weve just been friends too long, I cant. Were like an old married couple. Im just gone. So I knew where we were going, and I knew that he did not. So I leave him and I go into my buddys apartment. I was like, Nic doesnt know where you live, so thats fun, you know, lets just see what happens. About 30 minutes go by. Nic finally comes into the apartment, and I asked him, Where were you? He goes, I didnt know where to go. I go, I know. So youve been gone for a long time. Did you go back outside? He goes, No, Ive been in someone elses apartment all this time. He went into someones… He was just trying handles. And a door opened, he walked in, said, Im with Nate, and went and sat on their couch. Thats how far he made it. Think about where your couch is. Thats how deep he made it in their place. And hes so confident, they had to be like, I dont know. Maybe we know a Nate, you know? Doing those drive-in shows were fun. You know, youre doing it at a drive-in movie theater. Whats hard is when people want to leave early if they dont like your act. I mean, you just see headlights hit you in the face, and hes just like… and just backs up. And youre like, All right, there goes that guy. Uh… I did one Zoom show, and it was just… I mean, its just your face on it, and right before we get started, I just hear someone say, I dont know. Its some stupid comedy thing. Its just… Whats that? Whatd she say? [helicopter whirring] Just helicopters all day. Thats an outside show. The next specials going to be at LAX. Its gonna be a good time. Uh… [chuckles] [audience applauds and cheers] I cant wait to get back to the old days of just not doing good inside a building. Thats all you want, you know? Theres… One of the last, kind of, bombs I had… So as comedians, we do a lot of corporate events, and I was doing this corporate event in Tampa, Florida. It was for this guy, he ran Tampas electricity or something. I dont know what anybody does, but he invented the electricity in Florida, so… Yeah, hes doing real good. And… He was a very nice guy, hes very generous. It was all of his employees, he was raffling off two cars. He gave away a bunch of TVs, iPads… I mean, honestly, probably $100,000 worth of gifts he was giving back to his employees. Very nice. Well, I was one of these gifts that he was giving back, so in the middle of giving this stuff away, he stops and goes, All right. Got a big surprise for you. Cant believe we got this guy to come here. And he brings me out. I mean, nobodys heard of me at all. Theyre all looking at me like, I think I could get this guy to come to my house. I mean, who is… I start doing my act. I do one hour, and just zero laughs. I mean nothing, and Im not doing new jokes. Im doing the greatest hits. I told the iced coffee with milk story three times. I… [audience applauds] [chuckles] It was… [cheering] I kept just doing it. I was like, Imma do it one more time. I dont think yall were listening. Uh… People were leaving. The guy that drove me asked someone that left, he goes, Is the comedy show almost over? The guy goes, I dont even know what youre talking about. Theres a guy giving a speech up there now, so maybe after that. So we get done, and then the guy comes up. You know, I have to talk to him, and I was like, Look, Im sorry, man. I used to be able to do comedy, and I lost it, you know? Its over. And he was very nice, he goes, No, its all right, nothings your fault. I was like, I dont know how thats possible. And he goes, Well, when you were up there, I remembered that most of my employees do not speak English. And I was like, All right, yeah, thatll do it. You know? Maybe dont hire an English-only-speaking comedian. No heads up at all. Not that I could have changed it up, but it just would have been nice to know. [exclaims indistinctly] So I have a daughter, and my daughters name is Harper. So a lot of people ask, Did you name her after Harper Lee, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird? And, you know, Ive never thought about an author a day in my life, so… That never occurred to me. I mean, my middle name is Lee, and it just never crossed my mind. Uh… I love having a kid. We… I love when kids cry, its just innocent. I love how innocent it is. They cry over a tag in their shirt. I mean, they bawl. They dont like… It feels weird. And then, you could be like, Is your house on fire? Ive never seen someone cry this much. Its over nothing. Shes on her iPad a lot. You know, thats the hard part. You got to get these kids off… You dont want technology all the time. She just sits there on her iPad. She wants to be a YouTuber, which, as a comedian, makes me furious. She watches these kid YouTube videos, and now she makes her own videos. Its just her sitting there going, Hey, guys, whats going on? Click the links below, subscribe, leave a comment. None of this is anywhere but my phone. I got 90 hours of this. Its not on YouTube. Me and her mom are the only subscribers. She just watches kids playing with toys. Like, thats whats crazy. Its not like a show. Id be fine if she watched a show. She watches just a kid thats like, Hey, you dont have this toy, I do. You want to see me open it? Its got five billion views. It looks like we buy her nothing, like, we just show her. If you wanna watch a kid have fun, but youll never have fun in this house! We take her out, we go do stuff. I would take her to Chuck E. Cheese all the time. You can go there, they had COVID in 84. So theres… Yeah. It cant even survive in there, thats what… Chuck E. Cheese is rough. I dont know if youve been there in a while. They look like theyre trying to go out of business and they cant. I… They filed for bankruptcy and theyre still open. They called Blockbuster and were like, How do you get out? We want out. [audience applauds] Theyre updating nothing. That Chuck E. band is just robotic. I mean, the drummer doesnt even turn on, it just sits like that the whole time. They sell booze to parents now, they just give them buckets of Bud Light. Theyre drunk in a booth at 9:00 a.m. When someone drives those kids home, I dont see Ubers and Lyfts showing up. There was a Chuck E. Cheese that got caught, if people didnt eat all their pizza, theyd put it back out on the buffet. And that would shut down any normal business. And with Chuck E. Cheese, they have thrived. I mean, when I read the story, I was like, I thought thats what they were doing. I thought we agreed thats fine. I didnt know what the article was about. Our daughter still sleeps in our bed too, and parents dont like that, when you say it. Theyre like, You gotta keep them outside. Dont look at them. Uh… Its my fault. So we had a kid late in life. We have one kid. So were hitting all the sights, and Id be… When I travel a bunch, and Id get home, Id want us to sleep in the bed together. and Ive built up a habit now, its happened. So its tough, though, because kids dont know how to sleep. I mean, she makes a king bed feel like a twin. I mean, Im on the edge. When I sleep alone in a hotel, I sleep with my head on the nightstand. Its the only way I know how to go to bed. She gets sideways, upside down. If you woke up upside down tomorrow, you would go to the hospital. Shes also apparently going through menopause cause shes the hottest human being thats ever lived. Im freezing at night. She kicks all the covers off. Youre like, Yeah, you go ahead. Its your bed. Were lucky to be in it. Shes gotta get out at some point, you know? I dont know. Shell be 37 years old… Hey, can I get in the bed with you guys? Her kids are upstairs asleep in their bed. Her husband left a while ago, he aint gonna put up with that. Um… I remember, Id fall out of a bunk bed. I slept in a bunk bed, I was on the top bunk, and I would get over a railing, and just fall six feet to the ground, and just land… I mean, you dont catch yourself, its just whatever hits first. All your body weight just lands on your head. I got a full-blown concussion, Im crying. My parents are like, Just go back to a deep sleep for seven hours. Ive had three concussions in my life, and none of them because of sports. Just living life, man, you know? Stuff happens to your head. What are you going to do? One was in high school. I got pushed into a wall headfirst, and it took them three class periods to figure out I had a concussion. Thats how much I was bringing to the table. I mean, two teachers didnt even notice, and the third one was like, He wasnt facing forward, and thats when I realized. Hes one of the better facer-forwards Ive ever had, so I knew. My biggest concussion was when I was 12 years old. I fell down a cliff. So I grew up in Old Hickory, Tennessee, and we used to climb down this cliff into Old Hickory Lake, and wed done it a ton of times. And so one day, I slip and fall. So my friend that Im with, he goes and gets my mom. There was a guy fishing in a boat down in the lake, and so he sees me and he gets me into the boat. He takes me over to some stairs, which he had to be like, Why didnt he just use these stairs? They were right next to that cliff. [chuckles] It didnt even make sense. Uh, there was two guys at the bottom of the steps, and he goes, This kid fell. Can you carry him up? So they carry me up. And now my moms in an ambulance in her pajamas. My dad, who I think everybody knows now is a magician, and hes doing a show in a full tuxedo. So they get to the hospital, the doctor starts talking to my parents. I mean, my mom looks homeless. My dads in a tuxedo. It looks… It looks like theyre divorced and someones not paying child support. So weve never known who was in the boat or the guys that carried me up the stairs. Weve never known who it was, and we always wanted to thank them. Those guys truly saved my life, and we could just never find out who it was. So we never knew. So I tell you that to tell you, uh, last year, my dad is doing a show. He does these magic shows in prisons. So hes doing a show at a prison, and during the show, one of the inmates just stands up and says, I know your son. Which is probably not the best place, as a father, to hear that. Just like, I know your boy. He keeps his mouth shut. Hes good people. [chuckles] So… My dad, he goes, Hey. All right, how do you know my son? And he was one of the guys that carried me up those stairs that day. I mean, I promise, I was 12 years old, and wed never known who carried me up those stairs, and it was him and his brother, and then his brother saw me on The Tonight Show, and was like, Thats that kid we carried up those stairs that day. So its pretty crazy. So since then Ive been actually bringing him out to shows. Im gonna bring him out tonight. And… No, hes not here. Hes in prison, but, you know. Sorry. Yeah. Trust me. Look, he would love to be here. Trust me. Uh… I mean, yeah, hed kill to be here, to be honest, but… Theres one day. One day, Ill get him. I did find out why he was in prison, which was crazy. So it was that same day. So they just carried a body down those stairs, and you can imagine the frustration to then be handed another body. Yeah, and youre like, Dude, are you serious? Like, we just did this, man. You know? All right, that part I made up. But the rest, I swear the rest of it is true. Our daughter is in third grade, and for first grade, she started taking the bus, and it was the first time she ever took the bus. So you know, as a parent, you walk them to the bus stop, its very fun. So we got her on the bus, she went to school. At the end of the day, someone from school called my cell phone. They have my wifes cell phone, they have my cell phone. They called my cell phone, and she said, Do you know what bus number your daughters supposed to be on? And I said, Im her dad. As in, Are you cra… I was like, This is how you thought youd get this information, was to call the dad? You saw Mom and Dads cell phone, you go, ‘I bet the dad knows.' I was like, Do you have parents? You ever seen a family before? You thought, ‘Lets call the husband? Unless theres two husbands, you should never call a husband a day in your life. Id rather you ask a lady that doesnt know her. I think she could get to the bottom of it quicker than I can. I had to go get her. All right, Ill come get her. Tell me the name of the school and Ill come get her. Where does she go? When you pack lunches now, you got to be careful cause a lot of kids have peanut allergies now. And our daughter actually has a cashew allergy, with tree nuts. And so I dont know what tree nuts are, but it could kill my daughter. The doctor goes, Cant have tree nuts, and thats it. He left. And I was like, Wed love to know… I didnt know where nuts came from, but apparently they come from two different places, and one of thems a tree. I feel bad. Look, I want to defend all these kids with peanut allergies. I dont think they get defended. They get yelled at by adults. We got a lot of adults addicted to peanuts in this country. And theyre furious. I havent had peanuts in forever. You take peanuts out of my life, I dont think Id notice. And we just have… Adults are yelling at these children like they chose it, like when they were born, the doctor goes, Hey, wanna be a nightmare to everybody? Every scenario is life and death. You ever been on a plane? They just announce it. These planes… Just serve pretzels and be done with it. But they try every flight, and if they cant, they just go, All right, everybody, cant have peanuts today cause of that loser kid right there. And these grownups are booing him. The only reason Im on the flight is for the peanuts. I dont even know where its going. Were doing homework too. Our daughter started bringing it home. Homeworks fun. First and second grade was awesome. Third grade, youre like, Okay. They throw some stuff in, youre like, Oh, all right. All right. Its, uh… Okay, learning it earlier than we used to, huh? I dont even know if thats true, but… She brought home Common Core math. Thats fun. Its a new math they invented, no heads up. Just give it to parents that never learned it. Uh… Its just a whole new… I mean, its unbelievable. They bring it home, you gotta watch a 40-minute YouTube video on Common Core math. I dont even understand it. If you know it… If you dont know Common Core, its just a new math. And the goal of Common Core is to use one sheet of paper for every problem. You… You just want to keep breaking the problem down. You put the problem at the top, and it just keeps going. And then whats even funnier is you see old math in the middle of it. As you break it down, old math gets in there and youre like, Oh! Just do that at the top. I dont even know what were doing. Its not like old math isnt working. Old math still… I dont get incorrect change everywhere, just going, This stupid old math! Its a long way to get at the same answer. I told my wife, it feels like if you knocked on my front door and I opened it, and you say, Can I come in? And I was like, Do you mind coming in through the back door? Does the front door not work? No, it works. I use it, a lot of people still use it, but the new way is to go jump the fence and come in the back and meet me at this same spot. Even though I make fun of Common Core, I have learned stuff from elementary homework, which is embarrassing. Im 41. My daughter is eight. Nothing should ever come out of her mouth that Im like, What? What was that? I learned when to use a or an in a sentence. [chuckles] I didnt know that there was a rule in play. I thought you felt it out, you know, and just go, That feels right, and thats what you do. I do the same thing with a comma. Ive never known where a commas supposed to go. If I feel a commas coming, I try to get out of that sentence so bad. I mean, I… And if I cant, I just put a comma and see if someone says something, you know? Theyre like, Is that a comma? Im like, Is it? My comma button has been sticking on my phone. Uh… I remember nothing from school. People talk about history to me, Im like, I dont know when you guys learned that. I think we skipped all of this. I almost didnt graduate high school. I had an F in science. I was taking a class called Science my senior year in high school. I mean, I had an F. My dad went and talked to the teacher and said, Look, just give him a D. Hes not gonna do science stuff. And the teacher agreed to it. She was that confident I wouldnt touch the science world. I got… We took ACTs, and I got a 17 on it. And if you dont know ACTs, 18 is like, Thats not good, man, but you made it. Seventeen, theyre like, I dont even… Are you enrolled in this school? Like, what are you doing? The only thing I remember is in seventh grade, we had a kid fistfight our PE teacher. That stuck with me. He was too old to be in seventh grade. He drove to seventh grade. If youre a seventh grade teacher, and one of the kids drives, you just know you gotta fight that kid one day. Theres… Its just happening. Like, you… People always talk to me very easy, too, or dumb. If I talk to a stranger, I can always feel it. And I think its my eyes. I have big eyes, you know? And so I just get a lot of, You still with me, man? And… Im just sitting there, like, Yeah, man, Im listening. He goes, It felt like you couldve been anywhere, you know? I got a reversible jacket at home, and I have two of them cause I didnt know it was reversible. Bought them at the same time, tried them both on separately. Liked the black one, thought, Might as well get the blue one, too. Went and laid them up there, and I remember they go, Are you sure? I go, Yeah, I think I know what Im doing here, all right? The dumbest Ive ever been talked to… I like to golf, and so a guy was telling me, theres a real golf course in North Carolina where llamas are the caddies. So if you dont know anything about golf, a caddy usually carries your bag around, tells you how far you are from the hole, helps you out. So this course, they have llamas. So you put your golf bag on a llama and it carries your bag. So he told me that, and then he looks into my big, dumb eyes, and he goes, Just so you know, llamas cant talk, though. I mean, thats the question he was trying to get ahead of as he looked into my stupid eyes. Like, he just… Im going to say it so that guy doesnt have to say it. Im just at the zoo talking to the giraffes, Hey, where you guys from? You know? I know where youre from, but where are you ‘from from? [helicopter whirring] Im gonna let this one go by. You know, the hard part is I see them coming before yall, and I just see a blinking light, like, five miles away, going, That one looks like its coming, in my head. In my head, Im just like, I think its… You know? Couple times Ive looked, and it was just stars. Uh… Honestly, I look up and Ill be like, That ones not moving that quick. Uh… Feel like ones just sitting on top of us. Youre like, Ah, its the moon. Is it? Uh… So Im 41 years old. And when I turned 40, 40 was the first age I did not want to turn. I remember my parents turning 40. It just feels old. And its also the age that you do realize everybody youre talking to, you are older than. Before youre 40, I think everybody you talk to is your age, and for some reason, when you turn 40, youre just older than that… Ill be talking to them, like, Remember that? It was 97, 98. I wasnt born yet. Youre like, Golly! Are you serious, dude? In my eyes, we look the same. Wheres your dad at? Let me talk to him, cause I swear I thought you were my age. One thing I got when I hit my forties was claustrophobia. Never had it, actually got it here on The Simpsons Ride, which is whats crazy. I mean, were 100 yards away from where my life fell apart. I rode that ride with my daughter, and were sitting on it, and theres… We had another buddy, and he has his two girls on. So we sit there, and they pull the bar down, and the bar… My leg gets stuck in the middle, and it just opened a door that I never knew was there. I mean, its just… It is like a problem. I had to stop the ride. Its super embarrassing to stop a childs ride and just be like… Im just waving, like, I cant do it. Then they open the bar and go, You can do it again. I was like, Im out. And just, no one got to ride it cause I couldnt ride it. We all had to leave. Yeah, ruined it for everybody. Uh… And thats claustrophobia, just kind of ruins everybodys time. Its the… Whats funny… The panic of claustrophobia is pretty funny, though. Its not funny when its happening to you, but how quick you go from normal to just an insane person, is just… Its all at the same time. So its all kind of new to me, so I forget I have it, and Ill put myself in a situation, and I go, There it is. I got in an Uber once with, like, seven people. We get in, I go, Ill get in the third row. Try to be a good guy. I climb in the back, they put all the seats up, and it just starts hitting me. Im back there, like… [sighs] Just trying to be normal, you know, not talking. Then you go, Hey, you think you can roll the window down? You know what, can everybody just get out of the van real fast? [chuckling] Just… Were just driving down the interstate. Could yall crack the window? Do you mind if I drive the Uber? You think I could drive it? So I was born in 1979. And the reason I say that, cause if you are my age or just right around my age, very, like… Maybe 78 to 80, you might realize, or maybe you dont know, Ive never been called a Millennial or Generation X. Id never even really heard any of those terms growing up, and now you hear them all the time. So I looked it up to see, I was like, What am I? And Im technically nothing. Im on a cusp. Im a generation gap. And what we are called… Xennials, or were called The Oregon Trail generation. Or were called… My favorite name is The Lucky Ones. And its true. Were very lucky. We actually grew up in two different worlds. When I was a kid, I grew up like it was the 50s. You would go outside, and your parents just didnt know where you were. We went to school and played Oregon Trail on a computer at school. No one had a computer at home. What are you, a zillionaire? Like, I mean, you couldnt… But then in high school, I had AOL. We had a computer at home. Then I got a beeper, and then I got a cellphone. I didnt have social media until I was 26, with Myspace, you know? I mean, social media, like… Whatever I did in high schools a rumor. It cant ruin my life. So if youre around my age, you might realize, you end up always being in the middle. Like, I understand. When a Gen-Xer says something, youre like, I get it. A Millennial says something, I get it. You always feel in the middle. And these groups all hate each other. The most Ive ever felt where I was in the middle is just this one hotel that I stayed at. So a lot of hotels now, they have Chromecast, and you can watch Netflix in your hotel room. So Im watching. I get in my room, and I turn it on. My Chromecast is not working. So I called down to the front desk, and the oldest voice I ever heard answered the phone. This guy was a Civil War survivor. I mean, he… He was the age where you just go, Thank you for your service. Like, Was he in the Army? Youre like, Probably, man. Theres an age where they all had to go at that age, so just say it. Uh… So I tell him, Hey, my Chromecast is not working. I couldve just made up a word. Hes never heard of that. I could have said, My beep-bop broke. I mean… He asked if I was staying at that hotel. Thats how confused… He goes, Are you staying here? I was like, Do you think Ive called a front desk from a different hotel room? So he goes, Look, I dont know what this is, but theres a younger guy here. Ill send him up. Hell help you. And I was like, Great. So that guy comes up and he knocks on my door, I open it. Hes my dads age. Right when I see him, youre like, All right, dude. We dont have to do this. You know? I mean… I know youve heard of it, but if I cant fix it, youre not gonna be able to fix it. But hes the generation that still wants to give it a try, so… I gotta let him in. So he comes in my room, sits on my bed, a little too far back, I thought. Uh… I just remember the back of his calves were touching the bed, and I was like, Are your feet dangling? How far back are you gonna go? Uh… Are you cold? Do you want some covers, man? He gets the remote and just starts pressing all the buttons. I said, I dont know if thatll do it. He goes, Lets just keep trying it, though. I go, All right. Uh… [chuckles] Ill turn the shower on, open a window. Lets try everything. Lets just see. Maybe it turns on. Who knows? Maybe its all connected. We cant get it, and he goes, All right, theres a younger guy, hes about to come to work. At this point Im like, Im the younger guy. I was like, Its all right, dude. I dont need it. He goes, No, its a Millennial. And I was like, Now were getting somewhere, you know? This is what the Millennial does. He was born with technology. Hell know how to fix this. I was excited. I was like, Great. He goes, He comes to work in an hour. I go, Wonderful. Let me tell you, know how quick that Millennial fixed it? Ill never know, cause he just didnt come to work that night, so… Didnt call in, nothing. I found out cause the old guy called me cause he was supposed to fill in for him. He was furious, dude. He hates that Millennial. He goes, He never comes to work, he doesnt take it serious, hes got a peanut allergy. I was like, All right, well… I ended up fixing it myself because it was just unplugged. So, yeah, thats my fault. Uh… [laughs] The next morning, I dealt with my daughters generation. Which is a generation that I feel like just thinks about themselves, you know? And so I go down to breakfast, they have the breakfast buffet. Were all going through it, this little girls in front of me, and she has waffles. So she gets a waffle, and theres a coffee pot worth of syrup sitting on a plate. So you pour it and you leave it back on the plate, and then you go and eat your breakfast. So she gets the syrup, and she just takes it to her table. So now the syrups gone. And I see this happen, but no one else does, so Im hearing people go through and asking where the syrups at. Its starting to become a problem. People are like, Wheres the syrup? The hotels like, I dont know. Thats all the syrup we have, was out there. I know where its at, but Im not trying to get involved. I didnt wake up and think, I hope I get to talk to everybody this morning. When you roll out of bed, youre not like, I hope Im about to get in the thick of it down there. So Im just trying to say stuff as I walk by people. Maybe someone took it to their table, look around, maybe. I just, like, keep going. You see that little girls table over there? Maybe they have it. And no ones picking up on this. So I just have to go get it. This girls sitting with a bunch of her friends. So I go over to them, and I was like, Hey, can we get that syrup back? Thats kind of for the entire hotel. And she goes… They go, Whatever. All of them just blew me off. Then the father in me kicks in. I go, All right. Just a heads up, just so you guys know, I did nothing wrong, and you guys have ruined breakfast for everybody. I dont know if youve ever eaten out in public before, but do you see me over here with the tub of eggs? Do I have all the eggs? You did everything else, and for some reason you thought, ‘I bet this is all my syrup. And where are your parents at? A couple of them started crying. Felt good, to be honest. I was away for a little bit. I like to practice on other children, you know, my discipline. And to make fun of my generation, just so it doesnt seem like Im trying to skip over. Another hotel I was at… Another syrup incident, actually. I mean, Im a big fan of waffles with syrup. Im around syrup quite a bit, and… Were at a Holiday Inn Express, so the breakfast buffet there, they have the cereal where you turn the knob and four pieces fall out. Its like how you feed a cat for a long weekend, you know? Youre like, Thats enough. Uh… They had batter and syrup. They had the waffle iron where you make it yourself. You pour batter on the waffle iron, you shut it, turn it over, it locks. It cooks for two minutes, you turn it over, you open it. Half the waffle comes off, half stays forever. Thats how you eat a waffle. Im with a buddy of mine thats my age, so we go through, hes in front of me. Not really talking or anything, just going through. He gets to it. The batter and syrup, theyre in clear containers. Theyre not labeled, but theyre in clear containers. He gets the syrup and starts pouring it on the waffle iron. Im not even stopping him, cause hes not doing it, going, Ive never done it. Hes doing it where were probably going to try it after. I mean, hes just like… Youre like, Dude, I cant wait to see what this guys making. He might know something that I dont know. He shuts it, turns it over, it cooks. Hes looking at us, were like… I mean, the whole lines like, Yeah, what is that going to be? And it makes black smoke, is what it makes. Just, I mean, dark, black smoke just starts filling the lobby. The manager comes over. What are you doing? I guess I poured the wrong one. These are not labeled. The guys like, Theyre in clear containers. Do you not know the difference of batter and syrup? Hes like, I bet it happens all the time. He goes, Ive worked here my whole life, Ive never seen this. So they threw the waffle iron… They just throw it away. Thats what they have to do, just throw it away. Its over. Now theres no waffles. We went from all about to get a waffle, to its upside down in a trash can. Then he just turns and looks, and its just a line of people with that little foam plate. And just everybodys sad. I just hear someone in the back go, I set my alarm for this. Two guys didnt have shoes on, I ran down with no shoes in that elevator. I thought I was gonna miss it. So my parents are in their sixties. And when your parents hit their sixties, just so you know, you kinda realize… You go, All right, Im in charge of this family now, you know? They dont give it up, they dont offer it away. They just start doing stuff that youre like, I dont know, you know? We went to the store the other day, and we walk back to the car. We were in the store for an hour. We walk back, my dads… The drivers side door is wide open. He drove, got open the door to go inside, and just kept walking. Hes been driving for 50 years. And I know cars are getting crazy, but one thing thats stayed the same in all these 50 years is you gotta open and shut that front door. My dad wore my moms pants to a funeral. That was the day I was like, We cant listen to this guy no more, you know? We gotta go get him. He doesnt know whats happening. It usually starts happening when you start doing the holidays at your house instead of your parents house. Thats when it starts. And so my parents, once we did that, they downsized to a two-bedroom townhome. So they still wanted to do Thanksgiving at their house, but they dont have the room for us. Theres, like, 20 of us. Its like a college kid being like, Wanna do Christmas in my dorm room? Theres a table for four, and then they have to put a train of TV trays and nightstands that just weaves down this hallway. Youre sitting on stairs. We made the kids go eat in the car. We just go, Go back in the car. You cant even eat inside. My mom didnt have ketchup. I was like, Everybody just has ketchup. It just comes in houses. If I went to some alcoholics house, hed have ketchup. His whole familyd be gone, but Id say, You have ketchup? Hed be like, Im not that gone, man. So I was… I grew up in the 80s and 90s. I was a kid in the 80s and 90s. During the 80s and 90s, kids were getting kidnapped pretty rapidly. And look, Im not trying to say we were more desirable or something. I… I think we were outside more, a lot more opportunity, you know? Also a lot easier to get us into vans. Uh, didnt take much. And… So parents back then, they would watch TV, and I think it would scare the parents. You know, you realize now, now everythings a crime show. Everything you watch is crime, podcasts are crime, movies are crime. You almost see it so much. But back then, you only had so many channels, and when theyd watch these shows, they were very powerful shows. My parents used to watch a show called Rescue 911, and it would just show reenactments of crimes, and it was powerful. Ive seen three seconds of Rescue 911. I remember walking through the living room, my parents are watching it, I look at the TV, a guy has a ski mask on, a woman is asleep with her feet out from under the covers, and he started rubbing her foot. Thats all I saw. I kept walking. I dont know what happened before or after, but I know Ive never been able to sleep with my feet out from under the covers, because I accidentally saw that 30 years ago. And my feet get so hot, and I want to put em out so bad. I mean, I try it every night for 30 years, and then that image pops in my head, and I yank em right back under. Ill be in a hotel room like, He cant get in here, dude, youve locked everything. Im like, Thats exactly what hes been waiting for. Hes probably already in here. So my parents, I think, watched a Rescue 911 where a kid went missing, so it got em scared. And I think they took it as, Look, you guys are getting kidnapped. Theres nothing we can do. Its happening. So they wanted us to be prepared for it. So instead of, like, I dont know, self-defense, give us a gun, I dont know, something, what they did was… You know how you always hand out flyers if a kid goes missing? Theyre like, Lets just get that flyer ready. Well just do that, you know? If a kid goes missing, they always have a flyer. They put a picture of the kid and all the information below, so the height, weight, eye color, all that stuff. So instead of making a flyer, what they made us do was we wrote on a piece of paper our name, height, weight, eye color, and then we just held it up against the wall, and they just took a picture of us. So the picture is us holding our own information. And they said, When the cops are like, ‘Hey, lets get a flyer ready, well be like, ‘Well, weve been rooting for this to happen.' ‘We already have one made. Well give that to the police. Which, if we would have been kidnapped, my parents would be in prison right now. No ones going to believe you pre-took pictures. Theyll just look at this and be like, Just tell us where the kids are at. That would be the easiest thing to do. Ive never seen this ever. They had to go get that printed at Walmart too. You couldnt do that at home. You had to go show people that youre crazy. We walked in Walmart. The guys probably like, Could I talk to your kids by themselves for a bit? Id love to chat with them. So Im, uh, married as well. We… Me and my wife just celebrated our 14th wedding anniversary. And… Thank you. [audience applauds] Uh, weve been together for 20 years, and I met her, it was before I ever started comedy. We both worked at Applebees together, is where we met. Were big Applebees fans still to this day. [helicopter whirring] Hold on. Let me just… It feels like… Yeah, thats a good one. How many… Are they not all doing the same job? You know, like… Wouldnt they just be like, Im already over here, so you dont gotta come over here, you know? Thats what they should do. They should talk more. Im over here, and he goes, Okay, I didnt realize you were over– Hes like, Yeah, so dont go. Ill stay here, and you stay over there. Thats our main thing, is that we can stay right here, you know? All right. So my wife and I, we met at Applebees. And before I ever started comedy. I was a host, and she was a server. And someone asked her recently, they said, Hey, do you think… Did you ever imagine when you started dating that your lives would become all that its become? She said, When I met him, he was a host, and I didnt think he was smart enough to be a server. So, yeah. Weve gone a little bit farther than I expected. You know? [chuckles] I told her I wanted to be a server one day. Shes like, You keep dreaming that dream, all right? I think if you try hard, you can get that menu memorized. Me and my wife… So Im the dreamer of our group. I feel like in a marriage, one of you is a dreamer, you know, Moneys not real, lets have fun, lets go do fun stuff as much as we can. And the other person hates fun. Thats how you make a marriage. You cant have two dreamers, youll be homeless in an hour. You need someone that walks around, Is fun happening? Id like to put a stop to that. Are yall having fun? Stop it. Is the air conditioning on? Turn it off. I married my dad, is who I married. My dad, who I thought air conditioning cost $100,000 a day to run it. Wed be on car rides, I thought if you turned it on, your car exploded. Like, just gas, you were out immediately. Someone turn the air conditioner on? My wifes always around too, I feel. Just always, like, near, you know… Especially at home, its like I married a cat. Im like, Youre just always on me. If I go to the bathroom, shes like, Im gonna paint the bathroom door while youre in there. Im like, You couldnt do it later? No, I had all the time to do it. I thought Id wait till you went in, thats when I was gonna start. If I eat something she doesnt approve of, she just pops up, man. I mean, Ill try to sneak it. I could eat an Oreo cookie in the attic at 3:00 a.m., and I would bet my life a light would cut on and shed be like, What are you doing up here? If I question it, like, What are you doing here? Shes like, Im always here. This is when I do my attic stuff. She put Life360 on my phone, so they can track you even when theyre not near you. You might not even know you have it on your phone. Its worse than what the governments doing. I would rather the government track me than her. She calls me, Why are you at Krispy Kreme Doughnuts? Im like, Im not gonna live like this, all right? If I want donuts, Im not gonna lock my phone in a gym locker and go pay cash for donuts. Ive done it, but Im not gonna do it every time. God forbid I go to a store she has a coupon for. Im out walking in the parking lot, just get a call, Dont buy anything. I have a coupon. Like, Do you think Im gonna come home and get it? Is that what you thinks about to happen? Im going to try to pay more, now that you called. I dont even know if Target allows that, but Im gonna try to negotiate up on this toothpaste. You better hope they dont ask me to round up. Im rounding up. I hate coupons so much, and shes addicted to em. She will not let me… I got a coupon. Like, I just feel so stupid. Im buying deodorant and Im like, I dont have all the money, but Im almost there, but I do have this coupon. One day, I hope to be able to pay full price. We are saving up as much as we can. One of the best fights we got in… Its not… I mean, the fight wasnt good, just ridiculous fight. …was over the saying one fell swoop. Just over that saying. [helicopter whirring] My wife and I… Hold on, let me… This is the last one. I just hear one in the background. ‘Cause you hear it from a far distance, and then its like hes going that way. Doesnt it sound like hes going the other way? Right? Yall are like, We dont even hear it, and Im just up here, I mean… Just haunts me for the rest of my life. Every show, were back doing theaters, Im like, Is that… You guys hear a helicopter? Youre like, Inside the building? Im like, Yeah, does everybody hear it? Everybody, get down, quiet down. Is that a helicopter in this… All right. So we got in the fight over the phrase one fell swoop. Just over this saying. And if youre a newlywed and youre like, That doesnt make sense, youre right, it doesnt. This is a double-digit married fight. This is when youve already done all the dish fighting or the putting-your-clothes-away fighting. This is when theyre trying to mentally break you. Uh… They got you almost how they want you, and this is the one that sends it over the edge. So my wife wanted to go visit her parents one weekend, and her parents are divorced, which has been hardest on me, to be honest. Thats something people dont talk about, when you marry into divorce. They divorced because of her, not me, so why do I have to go to 50 different houses? [chuckles] So… She wanted to visit her parents. She said, I wanna do it in one fell swoop. Now, Ive never heard my wife say the phrase one fell swoop. Weve been together 20 years, shes never said it. It felt like someone that day told her, Hey, you should start using ‘one fell swoop more. She goes, Im about to call my husband. It goes, Perfect, use it 40 to 50 times on him. She calls and goes, I wanna visit my parents in one fell swoop. I go, Lets do it in one fell swoop. She goes, I wanna do it in one fell swoop. I go, Lets do it in one fell swoop. Lets swoop it up, Im down. She kept saying it. One fell swoop, over and over again. And then when she went to describe this one fell swoop trip, she goes, Well go to my moms, come home, then go to my dads. And so I just, like, waited, and she didnt say anything, and I just go, Thats not what ‘one fell swoop means. And instead of possibly just being wrong, she goes, I know what ‘one fell swoop means. I go, Yeah? It doesnt sound like you do, all right? We have the same last name. I cant have you out there in a ‘one fell swoop conversation. What do you think ‘two birds, one stone means? Lets go through them all. I dunno if you know any of these. She hangs up on me. So I get home, and you know when you walk home and youve been in a fight, and youre like, All right, how long is this fight? Is it happening still? Is it over? I dont know. I got to feel it out, you know? She never uses words like sorry. Id love to hear that. Thats a word she definitely doesnt know what it means. I say it all the time. I walk around the house with a sack of sorrys, just handing them out all day. I tried to give her some. Would you like to carry these? Shes like, I dont have pockets, so Im good. We didnt talk that whole night. Were sitting there, our daughter… Were watching TV, eating. And Im like, Hey, you know your moms crazy, right? Shes like, Did you do your homework? You dont wanna be dumb like your dad. And then our daughters just like, Are yall lunatics? So Im laying on the couch, and my wife just came over and she kisses me goodnight, and then she went to bed, and that was it. You know? I felt like it was her sorry, I guess, but she didnt say it. So I laid there, just thinking about it. You think about it a lot cause you learn the longer youre married, sometimes its like, let stuff go, you know? Who cares. The next morning I get up and I still want to talk about it, cause we didnt talk all night, you know? So I went to her, I was like, Look, I got to tell you, I mean, its just not what it means, you know? And that, that got it going real good. Uh, but I felt so good about this argument, you know, I thought about it all night. I was like, You got this one in the bag, man. You should bring it back up. Im not trying to date her anymore Id like to win a fight. Were gonna die together. I almost woke her up in her sleep, thats how much I was so excited. I almost started shaking her going, Its not what it means. Our marriage almost ended in one fell swoop, so… All right. Thank you guys so much for coming out to this. Truly appreciate it. [audience cheers and applauds] ? Got the keys to the kingdom ? ? Family ? ? Take it a la carte ? ? Family ? ? All four seasons ? ? Family ? ? Well, bless your heart ? [Nic] You dont know Tonya Harding? I dont know Tonya. No. Everybody knows that reference, all sports fans. You dont know who Tonya Harding is? [laughs] Nobody knows Tonya Harding, dude! I swear! I cant believe you dont know this. Im the biggest sports fan in your life. If I dont know, I guarantee no one else watching this knows. You ask them, Tonya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan, youre gonna have 80% of America, is gonna know. Eighty percent! You dont have 80% of this bus that knows it! One finished first, one finished second? I mean, come on! I mean, come on! I convinced Nic that I didnt know who Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding were. Nic is learning this, that I do know who they are, hes learning right now with you. I never told him. I absolutely know who they are. Youre literally saying that, This is the first time hes hearing it, and Im like, It is the first time! I keep going… Hitting my head. [man] It was pretty great, yeah. Come on! Come on!

BRIAN REGAN@ON THE ROCKS@2021@[upbeat rock music plays] [crowd cheering, applauding] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Brian Regan! [audience cheering, whistling] Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. [audience cheering] Thank you. Thank you very, very much. Well, lets get the gray hair out of the way. [audience laughing] Because if I dont, you wont listen to a word I say for an hour. Youll be out there, Did you know anything about the gray hair? Im just as befuddled as you. [audience laughing] I dont know what happened either. Covid hit, I went into hibernation and came out a senior citizen. [audience laughing] [audience clapping and cheering] Its just as well. I was never comfortable in the hair-color aisle anyway. You always have to pretend like youre there for someone else. Women, huh? [audience laughing] I like the difference in hair color names between women and men Women have hair color names like ruby fusion. Chocolate cherry. Butterscotch. Mens hair color: brown! [audience laughing] Black! Light brown! Dark black! For men, that is the entire color spectrum. I dont know. Im at the age where I wake up, the first thing I do is try to remember what doctor Im going to that day. [audience laughing] Ah, the dermatologist. Because of that splotch on my back. I dont want to sound like Im bragging, but I have to put medicine on my back using a spatula. [audience laughing] [chuckles] Its fun going into the drugstore when they ask, Can we help you find anything? And I say, Yes, a spatula, Lotrimin and a hand mirror. [audience laughing] Are you intrigued, my lady? [audience laughing] I got my Little Red Riding Hood Walgreens basket, if you could direct me to the proper aisles. [audience laughing, whistling] My dermatologist said he needed to do a biopsy of a little mole on the tip of my nose, and I was like, Wow, that sounds like its going to hurt. He said, Dont worry. Were going to numb it first with a painkiller. I said, How? He said,  Were going to puncture a sharp needle into the tip of your nose. [audience laughing] So youre not canceling the pain. Youre just rescheduling it. [audience laughing, cheering] So I go to my regular doctor and hes like, Whats going on? I said, You tell me. Just above my right knee theres a little area about three inches up. Its about the size of a fist. Thats where it doesnt hurt. [audience laughing] And it feels very peculiar. Do you have a pill that can make everything else feel like that? I want an ‘everything else like that pill. My doctor looked at me and said, Brian, you are way too sedentary. So I vowed in that moment… to get a dictionary. [audience laughing] I havent got around to it, just been laying around the house. [audience laughing] Or is it lying around the house? Doctors specialize, right? Last month I went  to an ear, nose and throat doctor. Last week I went to an arch-of-the-foot, small-of-the-back, nape-of-the-neck doctor. [audience laughing] I have fallen arches, my smalls too big, and I have a trick nape. Its weird, in the human world, theres a doctor for every body part. But in the animal world, a veterinarian takes care of all animals… and all their parts. Thats got to be the hardest job in the world. Where are the bighorn sheep knee doctors? [audience laughing] The wildebeest gastroenterologists? The giraffe throat, throat and throat doctors? [audience laughing and applauding] [audience cheering and whistling] They say the American medical system is the best in the world. Ill be impressed when I am no longer handed a clipboard when I check in for my doctor visit. That is so Stone Age. You know, we live in a world of bar codes and microchips. Whats with the clipboard? Im here for my 10 oclock appointment. Heres your clipboard. Theres 257 pages on there. Heres a pen with a flower on it. [audience laughing] Go sit with all those other people and dont even think of coming back to this counter till youve completely filled out your clipboard. [audience applauding] Ive been a patient here for many years. You should have all this information. Well, our policy is we do it every year. We give you another clipboard. And that way you can experience angst and tension and rage and downright fury, all roiling through your torso. And then we take your blood pressure. [audience laughing and applauding] [Brian chuckles] You cant fix that and youre going to fix me? So my doctor told me to get a therapeutic massage for the neck. Um, massages are weird. You know, I never feel comfortable. Always looking through that strange doughnut hole. [audience laughing] Im always thinking weird things like, I wonder if I could squeeze my head through this. [audience laughing] But what if I got stuck underneath the table? Then Id be like an upside-down periscope. Id better leave well enough alone and stay on this side of the doughnut hole. Then I think things like, Are my eyes supposed to be open? I feel like Im eavesdropping. Im watching her feet moving around. Started thinking weird things like, What if one shoe went that way and one shoe went that way? [audience laughing] Id be awfully curious as to what was going on. Awfully curious. [audience laughing] So after 10 minutes I said, I dont know the protocol… but am I supposed to say, ‘you may begin? And she said, I started 10 minutes ago. She said, This is a Reiki massage. I dont actually touch you. [audience laughing] My hands are just above you, and its an energy healing. [audience laughing] So when she was done I said, I dont actually touch my wallet. [audience laughing and applauding] My hand is just above it. You should be receiving an energy payment… that you can use to pay your energy bill, see how they feel about the concept. [audience cheering and applauding] So Im learning things about myself. I learned recently I suffer from OCD. Uh– [woman whoops] Thank you. [audience laughing] Suffer is too strong a word. People say they suffer from things, when that just means they have them. You know, do I look like Im suffering? I think the word suffer should be reserved for a guy writhing on the ground in agony. Hes suffering. Am I allowed to run up to him? Youre preaching to the choir! [audience laughing] I have to alphabetize everything! [audience laughing] Quit wriggling. Im trying to count your ribs. Im a rib counter. [audience laughing] The alphabetizing thing is not true, at least in my case. People think Im weirder than I am, and its hard for me. They ask questions like, Brian, with your OCD, do you have to alphabetize your books at home? And Im like, Uh, no. I organize my books by when I got them chronologically on the top shelf. I dont have to alphabetize my books. Im not a kook. [audience laughing] And the bottom shelf is for the books Ive completed reading. Organized chronologically by the completion date. I dont have to alphabetize them. Der! [audience laughing] And the middle shelf… is for the books Im in the process of reading. When I start reading a book, I move it from the top shelf to the middle shelf and I organize those chronologically by the start date. I know exactly what youre wondering. Youre thinking, Well, wouldnt reading the title of the book… count technically as being in the process of reading that book? Then how would you distinguish between the top shelf in the middle shelf? Well, the way I do it… [audience laughing] I make myself read all of page one before I allow a shelf change. [audience laughing and applauding] I dont count the introduction, or the foreword, or the book jacket. I do read all of that word for word, but then I make myself read all of page one all the way to the bottom. Unless it ends in the middle of a sentence, I make myself turn the page. I finish the sentence to complete the thought, I turn the page back. I write down what date that book was started. I move that to the middle shelf furthest on the right. I dont have to alphabetize my books. Im not out of my mind! [audience laughing and applauding] How come when you want things in order they call that a disorder? [audience laughing] You know, when I first suspected that I might have OCD, I Googled it. And there are different symptoms. And some I have, and some I dont. And the ones I have, some I have more strongly than others. So I decided to make a color-coded graph. [audience laughing] I wish I was making this up. I listed the symptoms. I said Im going to rate from 0 to 10 how strongly I feel I have each symptom. Total it up and divide it by the number of symptoms. [chuckles] [audience laughing] If Im higher than 5 Ill seek professional help. If Im under 5, Ill self-diagnose that I am A-okay. [audience laughing] Number one: are you the type of person who has to check the stove repeatedly to make sure its off? And Im like, Uh, zero. Thats Looney Tunes land. [audience laughing] Number two: are you the type of person who has to wash your hands over and over again? And I had this nagging feeling… that I forgot to answer that first question. [audience laughing] So I looked up– Yeah, I did write zero. Okay. Hand washing. Six. That aint even right. I scribbled that out. I got some ink on my hands. I went to go wash my hands. While Im washing my hands Im like, Why did they mention stoves? So I checked the stove. It was on. Im like, Ill never make that mistake again. And I came back and I changed hand washing to 2. [audience laughing] I took the whole test and averaged 5.0. So Im like, I still dont know. [audience laughing] So I decided to buy a book about it. I go into the bookstore, I ask the clerk, Can you tell me where the self-help section is? And she said, Why dont you try to find that yourself? [audience laughing and applauding] Well, I finally found the section. It was so disorganized, I spent the next three hours rearranging all their books rather than finding out whether or not I have OCD! [audience cheering, whistling and applauding] Ill show you one weird way it manifests itself. Every year when I get the new calendar, I always look ahead because I dont like the months who are at the bottom. They expect days to share squares. My brain cant handle that. [audience laughs] Oh no, Octobers going to be square-sharing month. Why do they do that? Days dont want roommates. You dont want the 31st going up to the 24th: Hey, can I squeeze in there with you? [audience laughing] Get the hell out of here! Theres empty squares on the top of the next page. You might think thats weird, unless one of those days is special to you. If its your birthday, you dont want to be wedged up in the corner of a triangle. Happy birthday, sort of, kind of squished up here. And then right across the diagonal it says, Take trash to dump. [audience laughing] Ive always been interested in calendars and time. Uh, I grew up in the Eastern Time Zone. I now live in the Pacific Time Zone. And whats weird living out there, when anybody from the Eastern Time Zone leaves the voice message, they always feel they have to compute the time difference. Im always getting messages: Hey, Brian, its, four oclock my time. Thats one oclock your time. [audience laughing] Oh! [groans softly] [audience applauding] I know what time it is where I am. [audience laughing] I have a friend who does that all the time. He recently left this message: Brian, do me a favor. Call me back. Im going to be out for about 20 minutes my time, thats, uh… [audience laughing] Uh, just call me back. [audience laughing] When? Whats the formula? When I was a kid, it was weird learning about time zones. Learning that there were 24 around the world. I looked at a globe and saw all the lines met at the top, and I thought, What time is it up there? Could you put your hand on the pole and walk around, Its 1:00, 2:00, 3:00, 4:00, 5:00, 6:00!? [audience laughing and applauding, then cheering] [man] Yeah! How would you plan anything up there? Were gonna meet at five oclock. [audience laughing] Where were you? I was just south of here. Well, in addition to the OCD, I also have a little social anxiety. But I force myself to go to parties and stuff, but there are things people do that bug me. [audience laughing] I dont like when somebody pronounces a word differently than everybody else to try to sound smart. Just say it like everybody else. Im at this party, I walk up to this group of strangers. First thing I hear, uh, this guy goes, Another thing about  ‘Jengus Khan… Im like, Oh, jeez. [audience laughing] I already dont like this guy. [audience laughing] I go, Oh, uh, Genghis Khan? It was actually pronounced ‘Jengus.' [chuckles haughtily] [audience laughing] Im guessing you were there at the time. You and the Jeng-man palling around town. So I wanted to sound smart. So I was like, Oh, Jengus Khan, the ‘Mongo-lian em-peror. [audience laughing and applauding] [woman cheers] Wasnt he the ‘con-kerer of ‘Cheena? [audience laughing] Well, I felt this little circle tighten on me. [audience laughing] Ive done just been ostracized. Walk up to this second group. And I dont know what to do when somebody says something I dont agree with. I dont know what Im supposed to do as a person. Ive always grappled with that. I walk up, this woman says, Animals are smarter than people. Im like, Oh, jeez. [audience laughing] I just got here. [audience laughing] I look at the others like, Anybody want to take this? [audience laughing] Low-hanging fruit. I just took the hit over at that little circle. If somebody could step up to the plate here so I could hang around for longer than two minutes… [audience laughing] But nobody else is even looking up, theyre shuffling their shoes… and trying to figure out the dynamic. They must work for her. Somethings going on. But I couldnt say nothing. But I didnt want to make a big deal out of it either. I dont know these people. So I decided to make a lighthearted joke. So I said, Oh, how do animals do on the SAT test? [audience laughing] [woman] Yeah! [people whooping] Just a little ha-ha-ha. [audience laughing] I didnt get the ha-ha-ha. I just felt the temperature drop. And this woman glares at me and says, Animals are smarter than people. Like, case closed. Well, I cant take that. [audience laughing] But before I could say anything, she said, What about the beavers? [audience laughing] Forcing me to say, What about the beavers? [audience laughing] There was no other line on my script at that point. Nothing can ever follow, What about the beavers? [audience laughing] Except another, What about the beavers? What about the beavers? What about the beavers? [audience laughing] So she explains to me. She said, The beavers are smarter than people. They know how to all get in the water, and they all know how to gather sticks… and bring them to one area, and they know how to put mud on their tails and slap the sticks together, and they can affect the flow of a river. [audience laughing] Hoover Dam. [audience laughing and applauding] Smart. Stupid. [audience laughing] Human engineering. Pile of muddy sticks. [audience laughing] So I asked her, If you hired a company to build a dam… and they all got out of their trucks… and they all started getting in river water… and started gathering twigs and… nosing them around on the surface of the water… would you be on the riverbank: ‘Look how smart they are!? [audience laughing] Well, everyone got real quiet. [audience laughing] And she doubled down. She said, What about the honeybees? So I looked at my script. [audience laughing] What about the honeybees? What about the honeybees? What about them? What about the honeybees? [audience laughing] [chuckles] So she said, Uh, the honeybees are smarter than people. They know that they only need one of them to go in a figure-eight pattern… and wiggle its behind, and it can let all the other honeybees know where the flowers are. [audience laughing] What if your Uncle Larry had to do that to show you where the fridge was? [audience laughing] [cheering and applause] Nobody could quench their thirst till Uncle Larry showed up. [audience laughing] With his groundbreaking communication techniques. Well, this little circle popped me out like a champagne cork. [audience laughing] Jengus Khan is looking over at me. Hes like, You dont know how to make friends, do you? Im like, I dont think so. Man without a country. [audience laughing] Walk up to this third little circle. And Im trying to learn how to be a better listener. So I just decided to just say nothing. And there was a guy there telling everyone a story about the lottery numbers that he had recently picked. Whoo! What a story. [audience laughing] Im going to try to duplicate it for you, but its going to be challenging, because this guy was drilling it. He had everyone gathered around and he was like, So I got, uh, four lottery tickets. The, uh, first ticket, I picked a 2… 4, 7, 21, 36. The second ticket… I had the 2, 5– I had the 4 on the first ticket. Got the 5 on the second ticket. 2, 5. 16, 17, got those back-to-back on the second ticket. Back-to-back, 16, 17, back-to-back… 28, 31. Thirty-one was the last number on– That I got on the second ticket. This is the story that hes sharing with humans. [audience laughing] Third ticket… I picked a 2.  Im always on a 2. You know me, I always got the 2 covered. I knew I had the 4 on the first ticket and a 5 on the second, so I got the 6 on the third. 2, 6, 17, 19. Decided to leapfrog over the 18. Leapfrog action, landed on the 19. 43– 43 was the last number on the third ticket. Fourth ticket. [audience laughing] I picked the 2. Duh. [audience laughing] I dont know why Im boring you with the 2. You know me, if I got a ticket, I got the 2. Walking down the street holding a ticket, you dont have to look, you know I got the 2. [audience laughing] Anyway… I knew I had the 4, 5 and 6 on the other ticket, so I got them all  on that fourth ticket. 2, 4, 5, 6. Something said, ‘Get the 3.' Something said, Go back and get that 3.' Something said, ‘Jump on that 3. Something said, ‘Nail down that 3.' So I get the 3. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 17 and the 44. And my thinking on the 44 was… ‘Hey, get the 44.' [audience laughing] So as you can imagine, everyones jaws were agape. [audience laughing] So I wanted to throw the right log on the fire to keep this baby burning. [audience laughing] When you got this kind of flame blazing, you cant risk having it smolder out. You want to throw the proper heat in that direction, so I was like, Whoo! [audience laughing] Woo-hoo! Crazy! [audience laughing] What happened? None of the tickets hit. [audience laughing] Whoa! What a twist at the end. [audience laughing] What a curveball finish. I could have sworn that was all going somewhere. [audience laughing] Could have sworn it. But you flipped the tables. You managed to follow nothing with less. [audience laughing and applauding] [audience cheering] Losing lottery numbers he shares as cocktail party banter. [audience laughing] So I didnt fit in with any of the groups. So I just went over and rearranged some bookshelves. [audience laughing and applauding] If I do go to a party, I need to stand, man. I need to be able to pinball away from situations. Bing! Thats not working. Bing! Not for me. Bing! Nope! [audience laughing] Sitting is way too claustrophobic. Like a dinner party. You dont know who youre going to be sitting next to. It could be two hours. Its a crapshoot. Brian, youre going to be sitting here next to Donnie Doldrums. Hey, hows it going? Hey, how are you? Huh. [audience laughing] You missed the beginning of this. I was telling everybody about how our Des Moines office had an administrative meeting. And as a result of that meeting, we realized that the factory output in our northeast quadrant… was substandard in relation to what we had anticipated after bringing in a consulting team from Peoria. [audience laughing] My face is in the mashed potatoes, just blowing brown gravy bubbles. [blowing raspberries] [audience laughing] No, dont revive me. Dont revive me. [continues blowing] Its in my living will. Let me be. [continues blowing] I dont like dinner parties. I dont like restaurants either. One reason is,  I dont like mushrooms. [audience laughing] [woman whooping] I dont like mushrooms. People say, Whats the big deal? Just make sure you never order mushrooms. All right, let me explain the problem. [audience laughing] There is not a food on earth that is more often put onto and into other foods without anybody ever asking… than mushrooms. Its happened too many times to count. Heres that chicken dinner you ordered. And youll be happy to notice… [audience laughing] …that it is smothered… with mushrooms. Oh, I did notice. I didnt order mushrooms. It doesnt say mushrooms on the menu. You dont have to worry about that. You had nothing to do with this. We decided all by ourselves… when we were in the kitchen, with no input from you. We unilaterally decided to smother [yelling] everything you love in life… [audience laughing] …with mushrooms! [audience cheering and applauding] I dont know if I made this clear: I dont like mushrooms. [audience laughing] I dont like raisins either. Not to the degree of mushrooms, I just dont like raisins. But Im intrigued when people try to talk me into liking raisins. Like its a psychological flaw. [audience laughing] People love to go, Brian… [audience laughing] …do you like grapes? [audience laughing] Here we go. Yeah. Yeah, I like grapes. Well… [audience laughing] …raisins… are just dried-up grapes! [audience laughing] Oh. Oh, Ive loved them all along. [audience laughing] I had no idea. So I love to hit them back with… Do you like ham sandwiches? [audience laughing] You do? Well… would you like if I put one outside… for three weeks… in the broiling sun… on a picnic table, so it shriveled up to the point of unrecognizability… [in high-pitched voice] and put it on a plate and gave it to you? Would you like that? [audience laughing] Well? Its just a ham sandwich! [audience cheering and applauding] [in regular voice] Its not a grape now. [audience laughing] I do like mayonnaise. I like mayonnaise to the degree that it had to come into a New Years resolution. [audience laughing] It was a New Years resolution that I could not order extra mayonnaise on my sandwiches. I could order mayonnaise, but I couldnt use the word extra. I found out very quickly I wasnt getting enough mayonnaise. [audience laughing] But I didnt want to break my resolution. So heres how I would order lunch. Um, Hi. Uh… I would like a turkey sandwich with Swiss cheese, lettuce, and, uh… [clears throat] mayonnaise! [audience laughing] You hear what Im saying here? I want mayonnaise! [audience laughing] Capital M, A, Y… [audience laughing] …and the rest of the letters that are necessary for ‘mayonnaise.' [audience cheering and applauding] Hey, I saw something interesting today on social media. Somebody posted a very strong political opinion. And somebody replied, Good point. I changed my mind. [audience laughing and applauding] [audience cheering] No, Im sorry. I saw a unicorn. I saw a unicorn. I saw a purple glittery flying unicorn. Heres something Ive learned about social media: the expression just saying… aint never preceded by a compliment. [audience laughing] When I tweet, I never want to try to sound too young. But I also dont want to sound too old. And I saw Metallica in concert. Theyre great. [audience cheering] I wanted to tweet that they were great, but I didnt want to come off like an old fuddy-duddy. But I also didnt want to try to sound like a young whippersnapper. [audience laughing] So I settled on, Boy, these fellas sure know how to boogie. [audience laughing] I think I hit the sweet spot. All my followers thought I was the cats pajamas. [audience laughing] Pajamas is a funny word. I like words. What is the smallest? Tiny, teeny… itty-bitty… itsy-bitsy… teeny-weeny… or teensy-weensy? [audience laughing] Kind of stuff keeps me up late at night. [audience laughing] Scientists need to know when theyre looking in microscopes. I would describe this amoeba… as itty-bitty. [audience laughing] Professor, come over here. See if you concur. See if you concur that this amoeba is itty-bitty. Let me take a look at that. Thats not itty-bitty. Thats teensy-weensy. [audience laughing] How come only small stuff gets cute nicknames? How come we dont say the planet Jupiter is biggy-wiggy? [audience laughing] The universe is hugey-magroojy! [audience laughing] I love space stuff. I saw a scientist on TV say they know, if they build a space probe to explore distant galaxies and shoot it out, that a hundred years from now well be able to build a better, faster space probe that will catch and pass that first one before it ever gets anywhere. [audience laughing] So the message is clear. Everything we do today… is a waste of time. [audience laughing] [audience applauding and cheering] We do send rovers up to Mars. Theyre analyzing rocks. And some scientists think some of the rocks are from volcanoes. [chuckles] Okay. [audience laughing] If they expect me to believe that volcanoes… blew rocks… all the way to Mars… [audience laughing] Even Vesuvius in its heyday didnt have that kind of oomph. [audience laughing] Were looking for water on Mars. Were wheeling all around trying to find water. Have we given up here? [audience laughing] I want to bring the scientists over to my kitchen sink. Look what I discovered. When I pull this up… water shoots out of the end of this thing. [audience laughing] Hows it going on Mars? Because this appears to be endless. Get some science jugs and fill those babies up, because I have hit the moisture mother lode. [audience laughing] Theyre looking for water to see if theres life on Mars. And Ive always wondered, what if there is life on Mars… but its teensy-weensy? [audience laughing] And were just crushing it with our rovers. [audience laughing] The camera on the front: Everything appears to be dry and desolate. Under the wheels: [screams] [audience laughing] Were just mushing Martians into mulch. Whats that green streak? [audience laughing] I was 11 years old when we landed on the moon. Our whole family was gathered around a TV. My parents raised some good kids. I didnt pursue a life of crime. [audience laughing] One reason, I remember that expression when I was a kid: crime does not pay. Crime does not pay? Thats why we shouldnt do it? Do you do crime? Oh, well, I love crime. I love almost everything about crime. Crime is fantastic. You dont have to sell me on that side of the equation. [audience laughing] The reason… the reason that I dont do crime… and Ive crunched the numbers… [audience laughing] …it doesnt pay! [audience laughing] Sure, if it paid, Id be doing crime left and right. But crime doesnt pay, so thats why I dont do crime. [audience laughing] Another crime motto even more twisted: Dont do the crime… if you cant do the time. [audience] If you cant do the time. Damn. Im intrigued that the motto isnt, Dont do the crime… because that would be wrong. [audience laughing] [audience cheering and applauding] They have to make it a choice between two selfish options? Oh, that crime? I want to do it! Thats a great crime. I want to do that crime. The problem, though, with that particular crime, its 15 years in the federal penitentiary. [grunts loudly] [audience laughing] [yells] I dont have the time! [audience laughing] I wish I could, but I have a family and dreams. [audience laughing] I dont have enough time to do that crime. Now this crime, on the other hand, one month in the county jail? [audience laughing] Im doing it! I have enough time. I have enough time to do that crime. [audience laughing] I base my crime decisions on how much time I have available in my calendar. Thats what Ive been taught. Thats us teaching us. As much as Im against crime, there are things we do to criminals that I think are unfair. I think its unfair that tampering with evidence is an additional crime on top of the actual crime. [audience laughing] Talk about piling on. Anything that would be done naturally during the scope of the crime should just be part of the crime. [audience laughing] Tampering with evidence. Has any criminal ever taken that into consideration… when fleeing the scene of a crime? All right, lets get out of here! Toby, what are you doing? Im wiping up the fingerprints and getting rid of everything. Are you crazy? [audience laughing] Thats a crime! [audience laughing] Youre going to get us in trouble! [audience laughing] Youre not allowed to tamper with evidence after you commit a crime. Youre not allowed. Has any criminal ever not tampered with evidence… and gotten anything out of that? Youve been found guilty of the crime in question. Your penalty: life in prison without the possibility of parole. But… [audience laughing] …we do want to note you were nice enough not to tamper with the evidence. [audience laughing] In fact, the lead investigator said it was the most pristine crime scene… hed ever happened upon in his entire illustrious career. So as a tip of the hat, you get to choose… top bunk or bottom. [audience laughing and cheering] I saw a thing on the news,  a judge dismissed a case without prejudice. Whoa. Shouldnt that always be the case? [audience laughing] How else would you do that? Case dismissed. And its because youre white like me. [audience laughing] Get out of here, you knucklehead. [audience laughing and applauding] If the defendant does not take the stand in his defense… the judge has to instruct the jury something to this effect: Notice in this trial the defendant chose not to take the stand in his defense. You are not allowed to weigh that one way or the other while considering the rest of the evidence. I understand the need for instructions. I think they should just tweak them a tad. I think the judge should say, You might notice in this trial, the defendant chose not to take the stand in his defense. We just want you to know that means… [clears throat] [audience laughing] [clearing throat loudly] …you can start validating parking. [audience laughing] I cant even imagine not taking the stand in my defense if I was innocent of something. You imagine your lawyer asking you, Do you want to go tell him you didnt do it? Im awfully bashful. [audience laughing] I know, but theyre thinking of throwing you in the electric chair, so… maybe if you could muscle through your discomfort. [audience laughing] Ill take my chances. [audience laughing] Fire up the chair, Your Honor. What do you want from me? I heard some states carry out capital punishment at 7:00 in the morning. Talk about cruel. [audience laughing] Is that guy supposed to get some sleep the night before? Yeah, I think Im going to hit the rack. Get some shut-eye. Yup, got a short day tomorrow. [audience laughing] Ill tell you what should be a crime: people boarding planes while wearing backpacks. [audience cheering and applauding] If youre someone who does that, a little heads-up: your backpacks are hitting people in the face. [audience laughing] [imitating thudding] I only care about whats in front of me! [imitates thudding] The hell with everything in my wake! [imitates thudding] [audience laughing] You know when you sit in the emergency exit row seat and you agree to save everyone… [audience laughing] …how come when the flight is over, no one thanks you? [audience laughing and applauding] Seriously. Its amazing what you might have done. Youd think someone would take note of that. Hey, I heard what went down before takeoff. Thank you. The fact that you were willing to put your life on the line to save me, my family and all the other souls on this plane is nothing short of outstanding. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. No, just a backpack to the back of the head. [imitates thudding] I was an almost-responder! [audience laughing] [cheers and applause] I like to be thanked. Thats why I know I would never be good at that animal rescue stuff. I wouldnt be good at it. You ever see news footage of some wild horse stuck in a ravine? They got to bring trucks in, and chains, and harnesses, and figure out how to get down into the ravine, and get the harness around this horse while its going berserk, pull this thing out while its kicking and going nuts, get close enough to get the harness off without getting hurt, and soon as they do, it just hauls into the woods. Hey! [audience laughing] I would want the horse to stop somewhere before the tree line. Clippity-cloppity clip. Thanks. [audience laughing] Then do that up-on-the-hind-leg thing. [neighing] Then haul into the woods. [audience laughing] Am I asking for too much? All Im saying is if I scrub oil off a duck with a toothbrush… [audience laughing] Im going to want a little quack-you. [audience laughing] Turn your little duck head and go, Thanks. Thats all I needed from you. Wouldnt have been able to do this without you. Yeah, I know. People are smarter than animals. [audience laughing] [cheering and applause] With all due respect, I wouldnt have oil on me if it werent for people. [audience laughing] Just saying. Somebody shut this stupid talking duck up. [audience laughing] Stupid talking duck. [audience cheering and applauding] This is a beautiful venue. Look at this. [audience cheering and applauding] Amazing. I get to play some pretty cool places. Some places I play have an orchestra pit. Those words dont belong together. Orchestra. Pit! [audience laughing] The people who work there look tremendous. They come in in gowns and tuxedos. Man, you guys look amazing. Oh, youre in the orchestra. Get in the pit! Get in the pit! Get down in the pit! Get in the pit! [audience laughing] Why do they have to dress so nice? You cant even see them. [audience laughing] At the end of the show, they stand up and bow. At best you see their eyebrows. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank– Im wearing $90 socks for some reason, thank you. Thank you, thank you. You know what kills me? When you go to a show that has an orchestra, how come as youre walking in, theyre practicing? I never understood that. Youre walking in, youre hearing: [imitates horn blowing low notes] [audience laughing] [imitates playing high notes] [imitates alternating high and low notes] Hey, uh… doors are open. [audience laughing] Paid a lot of money for these tickets. Could you all practice before we get here? [imitates playing low notes] I bet were going to be hearing that again later. [audience laughing] [imitates low notes] [imitating playing rapid high notes] Bet somethings going to fly in this show. [audience laughing] What is that? You dont want to see the actor practicing as youre walking in. To be, or not to– No, too big. Too big. Bring it down. To be– Nope, too subtle. Split the difference. To be– Oh, theyre coming in. [audience laughing] [audience applauding] Makes you wonder, is that how the actor runs, or the character? [audience laughing] I dont understand marching bands. I understand bands. I dont understand marching bands. There are many occupations in this world. And how come none of the others have taken on this added task? [audience laughing] You dont see marching taxidermists. ? You got to stuff that otter ? ? You got to stuff it good  ? ? Stuff that otter And stick it on some wood ? [audience laughing] Why dont you sit down and stuff the otter? It might be easier if you were seated. [audience laughing] Yes, its ridiculous. So why is it normal for bands? What group of musicians were sitting around…? [imitates strumming tune] Dont ask what instrument thats supposed to be. [audience laughing and applauding] [imitates strumming tune] [chuckles] [imitates strumming] [imitates strumming] [audience laughing] Hey, I got an idea. Why dont we kick these chairs out from underneath us… and start walking around and trying to spell stuff with our bodies… [audience laughing] …so people in blimps know what teams we support? Im sure the tuba player loved that idea. Oh, great. [imitates playing tuba] [audience laughing] Great idea, flute person. [imitating playing tuba] The marching band had to be a flute persons idea. Come on, lets march. [imitating playing flute] Come on. Wait! We need straps and stuff! Come on. Its easy. [imitates playing flute] Wait! We need harnesses! [audience laughing] [imitates playing flute] [yelling] Were not ready! Were not ready! [audience laughing] [cheering and applause] Hey, whoever invented the bagpipes… I dont think hes finished yet. [audience laughing] You ever look at that monstrosity? He must have thought there was a deadline at the patent office. He probably just ran in and threw that on a counter. [yells] Am I too late? [audience laughing] What in the world is that? Its a bag! With pipes stuck in it! I stuck the pipes in a bag! Bagpipes. [audience laughing] No, I see it. [audience laughing] Why? [audience laughing] What does it do? What does it do? Its a bag with pipes! Sticking in and out of it! What does it do? [imitates high-pitched note] [audience laughing] What does it do? [imitates high-pitched note] What does it do? [imitates note] What…? [audience laughing] What does it do? [audience laughing] How can you tell if anybodys ever playing them well? You have a guy over here– [imitates playing high-pitched notes] Hes the best. [audience laughing] This guys over here– [imitates playing high-pitched notes] He doesnt know how to play that thing. Stick your elbow more in the bag. Everybody knows that. [audience laughing] Hey, you guys are wonderful. [audience cheering] Thank you very much. Thank you. [bagpipe music playing] [cheering continues] Thank you so much. You guys are great. Really appreciate it. Good night. [bagpipe music continues]
