
The Dave Chappelle special was hilarious, but we must point out the liberal hypocrisy. Dave was paid millions of dollars by Netflix & used the N- word throughout his entire show. Not one word about the N-word from the left. Rosanne Barr tweeted out the word Ape and lost her show!

From Dave Chappelles comedy special to Chick-Fil-A at University of Kansas, the Left is trying to silence all dissenting voices. We want to hear your thoughts on todays podcast. Email your name and number to ingraham.podcast@gmail.com

Some noname sites called @VICE and @BuzzFeed hated the new Dave Chappelle special. Seems like their inner snowflakes are coming out. Keep up the good work @DaveChappelle #MAGA2020

The Dave Chappelle special #SticksAndStones will be the most watched comedy special in the history of televised comedy specials. That is my prediction. You can hold me to it later.

dave chappelle is constant excellence every netflix special

Watching the NEW @DaveChappelle Special on Netflix. FUKING HYSTERICAL! Comedy Genius. #LAUGHTER Thee Best Medicine for ANYTHING. cept maybe Weed Thanks Dave Chappelle #YOUROCK

LGBTQ were getting offended by Dave Chappelles newest Stand up? Bill Burrs newest special is LETHAL, oh my god. #PaperTiger #BillBurr

ay block me if youre offended by that new Dave Chappelle special

Surviving R. Kelly on the same day as Free Willy, a film that carries a Michael Jackson song. I might be reading too much into this, but with Dave Chappelles latest special... Is Netflix trying to tell us something? #MJInnocent

Praying Dave Chappelle does his next comedy special with whiteface just to tell everyone to stfu and worry about things that actually matter lmao

Dave Chappelles new special was wall-to-wall funny. Thats the absolute minimum a special should be. Unfortunately, only about 20% of major specials are hitting that mark these days. But when they do, like Chappelles did, it makes me really happy.

Yesterday Katy asked Leah if shes seen the new Chappelle special, to which Leah responded she hadnt. Katy threw the special on the TV, fell asleep, and then two hours later asked Leah have you seen the new Dave Chappelle special?

If you think Dave Chappelles new special is too offensive.... Youre right! And thats what makes it funny. Take a joke.

Me: Alexa, give me an example of irony. Alexa: Dave Chappelle hosts a special for Netflix called Sticks and Stones and people go ape shit because it hurts their feelings.

People really mad about the Dave Chappelle special? Yall really dont know Dave been doing this forever lmaoooo

hey mom, can you pick me up from this bar? there are people here saying that the new Dave Chappelle netflix special made a lot of good points about gay people

Ive checked in the back for #dearcustomer so much today that Im currently 38 minutes into Dave Chappelles Sticks and Stones special on Netflix. #retailproblems

I saw @DaveChappelle s stand up special last night (Sticks and Stones). Incredible and hilarious!

Without weighing in on the rest of the special, that Dave Chappelle story about buying the shotgun was some seriously Mark Twain-level humorous yet incisive storytelling. The man is a master of the form.

Dave Chappelles Netflix special reminded me how much I missed him - hes still hilarious.

Hollywood and the Left are upset that Dave Chappelle did not devote his Comedy Special to bashing President Trump. They couldnt WAIT to hear Trump Jokes. Instead, he went in on the Alphabet Community and the Left got HEATED!

Women are worried that men will kill them. Men are worried that women will give a bad review to a Dave Chappelle Netflix Special.

The Bill Burr comedy special is way more offensive than Dave Chappelles and I love it.

Do you think Dave Chappelle really cares about what Dan Reed thinks of his Netflix special? #LiesOfLeavingNeverland

I critiqued Dave Chappelles stand up special. Our faves are not above reproach. He will not be harmed. Yall have viscerally commented, down-voted my video, called me out my name, wished ill on me, stalked my social media, commented on my photos, DMd me... Whos sensitive?

If you like Dave Chappelles Sticks and Stones you will LOVE Bill Burr with his new comedy special #PaperTiger I recommend it to everyone (even the haters) #MAGA #KAG #TuesdayThoughts

Forgot to mention Dave Chappelles Netflix special stick and stones that I watched last week monday. I loved it. Laughed at all of it. Glad he never started walking on egg shells. Im sick of this pc sensitive world we live in.

Shoutout to @DaveChappelle. Hes an absolute genius in his new Netflix special Sticks & Stones. Many comedians make you laugh but Dave makes you laugh & think at the same time. You could tell he did research to back up his points. Media can learn a thing or two from him.

This new Dave Chappelle special is pure genius

Can you imagine Dave Chappelle trying to get that special made today? Would never happen.

I recently had a conversation with my boss at work. We were talking about Dave Chappelles latest comedy special, then about cancel culture in general. We agreed that cancel culture ignores or dismisses any possibility of repentance in the target to be cancelled...

That new Dave Chappelle special was hilarious

If you think Dave Chappelles new Netflix special was triggering, you aint seen nothing yet. Bill Burrs new special is a big F U to Leftist social movements. Hahahaha!

The Dave Chappelle special is, as expected, pretty dang good.

This new Bill Burr special on Netflix... LMFAO and people thought Dave Chappelle was wilding out!?

People are really out here praising Dave Chappelle for being brave and fearless because he dropped the eighth funniest standup special of 1994.

So I watched the Dave Chappelle special. It was a miss. It seems like he is bitter and angry. Lame jokes and stories. His other specials were good but this was tragic.

Its all absurd and its all funny, if you let it be. Watch Dave Chappelles stand-up special Sticks and Stones and try to relax enough to laugh.

Idk what people was talmbout this Dave Chappelle Netflix special is FUNNY af

you, broke: arguing about Dave Chappelles netflix special me, woke: arguing for Schapelle Corbys netflix special

Simon Amstell and Hannah Gadsby went to the same comedy school. Watch Dave Chappelles new special instead - he actually tells jokes.

bro dave chappelle is mad funny yall are sensitive asf go watch his new netflix special @DaveChappelle

My top five comedians prior to 2017: 1. Richard Pryor 2. Eddie Murphy 3. Chris Rock 4. Robin Williams 5. Kevin Hart After @DaveChappelles fifth @NetflixANZ standup special: 1. Dave Chappelle 2. Richard Pryor 3. Eddie Murphy 4. Chris Rock 5. Robin Williams #Comeatmehaters

Cant watch to watch the new Bill Burr standup special #PaperTiger today.... Dave Chappelles new one was amazing....Im sure Burrs will be just as good! @netflix

oh hey bill burr has a new comedy special and its getting great reviews and he makes fun of a bunch of different groups of people just like dave chappelle did in his but dave got in trouble and bill didnt i wonder why hmmm they both are bald whats the difference there hmmm weird

my dad watched the new dave chappelle special to see him make fun of trans people but as soon as he started making fun of white people with guns he left the room lmaoooooo

You know what scared me? When Dave Chappelle said in his special that we are unwittingly training the next school shooter to know the protocol, where kids will be hiding, etc... which never even crossed my mind until he said it. #DGL

Checking in on cancel culture: Aziz Ansari: Netflix special, multimillionaire Dave Chappelle: 2 Netflix specials, multimillionaire Roman Polanski: Jury Prize at Venice, multimillionaire Quentin Tarantino: New 70mm feet film, multimillionaire The Mindy Project: Still on

Just watched Dave Chappelles Netties special. Absolute gold 10/10 . According to twitter Im a bad person now, Im not up to date on what comedy is okay to laugh at anymore

I really wouldnt be able to handle Dave Chappelle going back into his hole because people dont understand the entire point of his latest special. Its literally called Sticks and Stones Lighten tf up and stop making us look bad

I just watched the Dave Chappelle special to see what all the fuss was about. It is hilarious. Very clever and he actually raises some really important social issues. The SJWs dont see that though, because they havent actually seen it.

The funniest thing in Dave Chappelles special is when he asks the audience you ever come home when dinner is cooking? Doesnt it smell good?

If you hated Dave Chappelles special. Youll absolutely riot over Bill Burts PAPER TIGER special so yeah, watch that and find out just how mad you can get in 1 hour

Dave Chappelles Sticks & Stones is the best comedy special in years.

I havent watched Dave Chappelles special and I dont intend do, but the role its playing in our discourse is really incredible

At a bar. Bartender discussing Dave Chappelles new Netflix special with two older white woman. One says she doesnt know who Chappelle is. They tell her she definitely does. Other woman: Hes in Youve Got Mail.

Go watch Dave Chappelles new special on Netflix if you havent. The greatest comedian of all time imo. Unapologetic and does not give a single fuck. Talks a lot of sense as well. Amazing! @DaveChappelle

Im sorry but if youre even comparing Dave Chappelle and Bill Burr you are insane. Burrs (admittedly Ive never been a good fan) Paper Tiger special is unwatchable. Totally predictable and tame. Sticks & Stones was edgy, thought provoking, and always funny.

Had a night watching Dave Chappelle on Netflix. Always a fillip to note the theme music to his Age Of Spin Special is 10ccs Worst Band In The World. As unexpected as John Cooper-Clarke on The Sopranos.

Just imagine Bernie Mac doing a Stand-Up Special talking about the issues we have today. Yall think Dave Chappelle got MFs mad as hell. Mac woulda gave they ass sumn to talk about... #RIPBernieMac

bill burr and dave chappelle and ricky gervais arent controversial theyre just lazy. they made the same comedy special three times. people being triggered isnt a new thing, nor is it interesting. sure theyre offensive, i guess, but theyre mostly deeply boring.

.@JustLatasha404 is articulating how words can be violent and how Dave Chappelles comedy special assists in that violence towards the LGBTQ+ community. It may not be direct, but it adds to an extremely dismissive culture.

Dave Chappelle comedy special on Netflix is hilarious.

The people who disliked Dave Chappelles most recent Netflix special should stay FAR AWAY from the new Bill Burr standup because SHEEEEESH!!!! lol

Wheres that SAME energy yall had for Dave Chappelles special for Bill Burrs ......oh yeah pretty obvious where and why. ok yall have a good morning.

The Dave Chappelle special wasnt bad at all?? Im so used to ppl trying to DUNK ON THE SJWS MUH FREE SPEECH that it was honestly refreshing to hear an actual good comedian pushing boundaries again. Bc imma be honest these edgy youtubers arent funny at all

When did Dave Chappelle become so lazy, and have nothing to say that my 80 year old ignorant relatives havent already said? He used to be visionary, and this new Netflix special is homophobic, transphobic trash . . . and thats just to start.

Shoutout Dave Chappelle. New Sticks and Stones special is genius.

Doing the Dave Chappelle thing where I hit the microphone against my leg after every joke but I miss badly and wham my dick and fall over. This happens in my new special 15 times

Just watched the Dave Chappelle Netflix Special. Thought it was fucking HILARIOUS!!

People havent spoke enough about Dave Chappelles choice of lyrics that he sings at the start of his new special. Hes setting up not only the whole show, but the whole reaction the special has had. Next level shit.

Its incredible disappointing that @DaveChappelle is getting heat about his @netflix special. Suck that society has such a double standard .

Did anyone else think Bill Burrs new special > Dave Chappelles new special? I liked both, but Bill had me rolling.

Finally got to see the Dave Chappelle special on Netflix. I have no idea what people are bitching about... it was HYSTERICAL. One of the best comedy specials. And yes, I smoked up with him once!

.@billburr and Dave Chappelle need to have a new special each week. Nothing else seems funny anymore.

Finally watched that Dave Chappelle Netflix special. It was very inappropriate. Felt bad a few times when I laughed.

Multiple people told me not to watch the Dave Chappelle comedy special on @netflix. So I watched the Dave Chappelle comedy special on @netflix. And I thought it was pretty funny. So there.

Dave Chappelle has officially hit the I dont give a fuck anymore age. That new special was a masterpiece.
