
For anyone who needs a bright spot while binging on coverage of the perpetual horror that is 2020 the lastest Hannah Gadsby special on Netflix is amazing.

Watching the new Hannah Gadsby special and what you call a biscuit is a scone gone rogue is my favourite food take of the year.

remember when people thought that hannah gadsby special was funny

I only caught part of the new hannah gadsby special but like.... she is Wife City to Me

If you need a laugh, watch Hannah Gadsbys special on Netflix. #Douglas

I just heard that Hannah Gadsbys new special closes with a joke at Louis CKs expense. Hahahahaha hahahahahaha. Can someone please confirm. Im allergic to unfunny.

yall theres a new hannah gadsby standup special out

My mom told me not to watch Hannah Gadsbys new special because Im feminist enough lmao

i loved nanette so much that im a little scared to watch hannah gadsbys new special

im rewatching the new hannah gadsby special, and there are MYRIAD things to lose my shit over, but somehow the one thing that continually sends me is the reference to the curious incident of the dog in the nighttime that spoils the rest of the show if you know the book

my brain needed a new hannah gadsby special today

Ill only watch a Hannah Gadsby special if someone pays me a hundred bucks or if I get into self harm in my mid-30s

Friends I need you to watch Hannah Gadsbys new special on Netflix because I saw it at the just for laughs festival back in February and I need to be able to reference it all the time the way my brain wants to

Just watched Hannah Gadsbys special, Douglas. I thought I had already watched it and Netflix missed logging it. I was wrong. Its also utterly brilliant and laugh til I cry funny.

When did another Hannah Gadsby special land on Netflix??? All I want is more queer stand up comedians!

im sorry but this is not the time for us to live our trauma with another hannah gadsby special

Look on the bright side: at least you dont have to watch Hannah Gadsbys new comedy special

not even 15 minutes into the Hannah Gadsby special and im cracking up

The new Hannah Gadsby special, DOUGLAS, is very funny.

Ive been neck deep in pain and general sexuality crisis all day but i watched the new hannah gadsby special earlier and everything felt Better so thats how my days gone

Okay I havent watched Hannah Gadsbys new special yet but as a Texan I appreciate her effort to make yall a more widely used term across the english speaking world. Its such a useful and comfy bit of grammar the rest of yall should really pick it up

This is just a reminder that Hannah Gadsbys special #Douglas is now on Netflix. I saw it live and Im so excited to be able to revisit this hilarious, beautiful show. It is the perfect antidote to our current hellscape.

I dont only watch bad stand-up. Earlier today I watched Hannah Gadsbys latest special, Douglas, and it was really really good!

Hannah Gadsbys new special is watching somebody point into the bleachers twenty times and then knocking out twenty fuckin homers

Hannah Gadsbys next special is gonna be called Big Dumper

I finally got around to watching Hannah Gadsbys new special Douglas on Netflix. Its incredible

So youre telling me that on top of a global pandemic, mass unemployment, and a show-election, we also got a new Hannah Gadsby special?

a new hannah gadsby special is just what the quarantine discourse needed

For some white male comics the worst news this week was that Hannah Gadsby released a new special.

If you need something pleasant to watch, Hannah Gadsbys new special is on Netflix. I havent watched it yet but Ive heard its good.

About to watch Hannah Gadsbys new special to try to feel something other than rage.

Hannah Gadsby put out a new comedy special on Netflix. Havent we been through enough, 2020?

Yall watch that new Hannah Gadsby special? Me either

ahem If you need a break for something funny, I highly recommend the new Hannah Gadsby comedy special called Douglas, on Netflix. Genius-level!

Watched Hannah Gadsbys new Netflix special Douglas. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Especially the anti-vaxxer, her liking being on the autism spectrum part. I wouldnt swap my autism for anything, it is what makes me the unique Melmacian I am!

Okay Im watching Hannah Gadsbys new special and Im obsessed with her outfit.

Hannah Gadsbys next special is gonna start out like, Duh, I just murdered a homeless man, what are you slobs gonna do about it, Ill kidnap your kids you fucking Cucks!...and then shes gonna pull out a gun.

new hannah gadsby special.......

You can tell shits fucked up because no one is pretending the new Hannah Gadsby special is worth a shit.

The new Hannah Gadsby special is so awful it has to be seen to be believed.

AAAAAA the new hannah gadsby special is available!!!

Roommate watching Hannah Gadsby special and oh gosh wife goals.

Ok Im caught up on #InsecureHBO. I also finished Homecoming today and watched the new Hannah Gadsby special. What now? Im not ready for bed yet.

omg omg omg the new hannah gadsby special is up on netflix!!!

I think Im gonna watch a Hannah gadsby special I kinda want to be sad today

Make I go see Hannah Gadsby special .

Letting the food colouring settle so Im gonna watch the new Hannah Gadsby special.

New Hannah Gadsby special is every bit as good as Nanette while being completely different. Shes a genius.

Started watching the new Hannah Gadsby special and am very amused that it IMMEDIATELY opens with the obvious questions

Hannah Gadsbys new special is funny. That is all.

on my way to watch the new hannah gadsby special ill update yall in a bit <3

new hannah gadsby special

need to watch the new Gadsby special, but I have no idea how anyone could possibly top Nanette

feel like I should watch the hannah gadsby special

Watching that new Hannah Gadsby special on Netflix. 20 mins in and its brilliant. Shes so good.

omg why didnt anyone tell me theres a new hannah gadsby special ugh i love her and her dogs

I ragequit Netflix when they refused to acknowledge or respond to questions about their ICE propaganda show, and now theres a new Hannah Gadsby special I cant watch anywhere else :(

Ive never heard the Pod Save America guys more reverent than during the ad read for the new Hannah Gadsby special

Finally seen the new Hannah Gadsby special. Its so so funny

Has anyone watched the new Hannah Gadsby special on netflix? I love that she uses her art degree to roast a whole series of paintings. Had me rolling!

The new Hannah Gadsby special, Douglas, is excellent!

Watching the new Hannah Gadsby special and I am so excited.

After watching Hannah Gadsbys new special, I am CONVINCED she could be the next Doctor. And she would be amazing.

If you need to laugh to maybe decompress for a little, the new Hannah Gadsby special on Netflix HITS

been plagued by stomach problems and nightmares all night. looks like theres a new hannah gadsby special though thats good... right? (thus began the discourse)

Da 5 Bloods is fantastic. The new Hannah Gadsby special is phenomenal. Neither of them are in the Netflix top 10, and what is is a real window into why everyone should probably watch those two movies.

Coronavirus Mass Protests A Hannah Gadsby special What the hell is going on with 2020?

oh shit theres a new Hannah Gadsby special on Netflix in 15 minutes. sapphics lets ride

Love too watch the Hannah Gadsby special and then have the Epstein doc trailer immediately auto play.

that Hannah Gadsby special is nearly two years old, has anyone figured out where the quiet gays go yet

NEW HANNAH GADSBY SPECIAL NEW HANNAH GADSBY SPECIAL NEW HANNAH GADSBY SPECIAL

DOUGLAS, Hannah Gadsbys newest comedy special on Netflix, is so, so good.

Hannah Gadsby has a new comedy special on Netflix if anyone is interested in pretending like they really liked something so society thinks youre a good person.

Oh god Im watching Hannah Gadsbys new special on Netflix and I just laughed so hard the cat stared at me all WTF.

Omg Is that why Donatello only got a stick? This Hannah Gadsby special is something

just starting the new(ish??) Hannah Gadsby special and honestly i didnt realize how much watching her play a character in Please Like Me affected me until i saw her and was like... oh no i miss her

Am I emotionally prepared for another Hannah Gadsby special? Probably not. Were all going to watch it anyway, right? Im going to buy more booze. And chocolate. And tissues.

get ready for this bc the next @WhyYouMadPod is gonna be about Hannah Gadsbys latest special (jake) and Hoop Dreams (luisa)

anyone else pumped for the new Hannah Gadsby special?

Dadgum, the new Hannah Gadsby special made me laugh to tears.

NEW HANNAH GADSBY SPECIAL OHMYGOD???

Yo, the new Hannah Gadsby special is great.

.@cincodemaygirl recced the new Hannah Gadsby special and I second the rec, it is entirely delightful

I saw a lot of people complaining about the HP references in Hannah Gadsbys new Netflix special on here that conveniently cut the actual punchline where she pointedly calls Hermione a TERF lmao

I just acted out big chunks of Hannah Gadsbys special for my mum, and she was in stitches! Now she wants to watch it!

Hannah Gadsby special was a proper Ted talk and not just the current release. Her previous Hit release was more of a Ted talk than actual Ted talks. I mean it must be really insulting for @knowkenny to be compared with that.

Hannah Gadsbys new special is made up entirely of callback jokes and callback jokes are my favorite kind of joke

everyone who neglected to tell me there was a new hannah gadsby special is f i r e d netflix. it was netflix. why the fuck wasnt this ADVERTISED DIRECTLY TO ME

I was thinking about watching the new Hannah Gadsby special until I realized I hadnt seen literally one tweet about it. Considering I saw maybe 10,000 per day for Nanette for a solid 3 weeks in 2018, I think that tells me all I need to know about Douglas.

hannah gadsby is wearing my glasses in her new special

new Hannah Gadsby special brings up the important point that the Ninja Turtles have long outlasted the Italian High Renaissance for which they are named

You know important shit is going on when theres a new Hannah Gadsby special on Netflix and I dont see anyone arguing over whether or not it counts as comedy.

Has anyone seen Hannah Gadsbys new special? How much is it like Nanette? was supposed to watch it before watching with my debate kids but was knocked out by an anxiety attack and its either watching that or the Epstein documentary w them tonight and idk if I can handle Epstein

Enjoyed the new Hannah Gadsby special ... so beautifully structured. Always satisfying too to find someone who 100% shares my views on golf.

I have a bunch of housework to do and a new Hannah Gadsby special dropped just in time, thank you Netflix

Just watched Hannah Gadsbys Douglas special! My pleasure center is lit up like Christmas. She is the Laurence Sterne of comedy, and as someone who admittedly has a fraught relationship with Tristram Shandy, I do mean that as the most enthusiastic compliment.
