
I AM WATCHING THE NEW JIMMY CARR NETFLIX SPECIAL AND AN AUDIENCE MEMBER (MALE) ASKED IF YOU HAD TO SLEEP WITH A MAN WHO WOULD IT BE ANSWERED JOHNNY DEPP. When it rains it pours Deppheads! I love some random Johnny Depp hotness appreciation

Watch the new @jimmycarr Netflix special #brazilnuts

Not gonna lie, checked out the @jimmycarr @netflix special tonight after hearing him on todays @PardonMyTake. Absolutely phenomenal! More fastballs then @stras37 before getting shut down for a pitch count! @BarstoolChief @BarstoolBigCat @PFTCommenter

Watched @jimmycarr s new stand up special on #Netflix, and it was brilliant. It reminds me of a sober, British, Mitch Hedberg. Clever, quick, relatable, edgy jokes. Solid performance Sir, Solid. 10/10 would recommend.

My mothers never seen @jimmycarr as I was putting hus new Netflix special and all I heard from the kitchen was his laugh isfunnier than his jokes

When I was a kid, I had an imaginary friend and I used to think that he went everywhere with me, that I could talk to him and hed hear me and grant me wishes and stuff. And then I grew up - and I stopped going to church - @jimmycarr Great @netflix special.

Just watched the new @jimmycarr special. Hilarious as usual. My favorite comedian by far.

Ask Google to play @jimmycarrs new Netflix special, get Matilda playing instead

Fucking @jimmycarr !! - you kill me with every special. Absolutely hysterical! @netflix @joerogan @bryancallen @BrendanSchaub

Another @jimmycarr @netflix stand up special yes please

.@JimmyCarr new special on @NetflixIsAJoke... Im in actual tears. Hilarious as usual.

Jimmy Carrs greatest hits special on Netflix comedy gold

@jimmycarr awesome special on @netflix #notpc

IMPRESSIVE I turned off the most recent @jimmycarr special less than 2 minutes in. Hey, asshole: Im a wheelchair user. I CAN WALK. Trust me when I say that if you cracked that no one in a wheelchair has ever walked out joke, Id hobble my ass to the door to make the point.

Just watched @jimmycarr live in Braga! Even though ive seen the netflix special, it was totally worth it, your attitude and improvisation on stage is just crazy. Thank you!

Jimmy Carrs Netflix special literally had me rolling.

Dont miss @jimmycarr talking all things Terribly Funny tour and Best Of, Ultimate, Gold, Greatest Hits special on @BBCTheOneShow tonight! 7pm on @BBCOne

Id swap the entire televised comedic output of Nish Kumar, Rob Beckett, Joe Lycett, Joel Dommett, Jimmy Carr & Russel Howard for just one unseen Dave Allen 1 hour special

Listened to @PardonMyTake today and now watching @jimmycarrs Netflix special and it is freaking hilarious

The best part of @jimmycarrs special on Netflix is when the audience cant take the jokes & the guy just keeps pushing it. Therein lies the difference bw American and British humor: most American comedians crumble under the pressure of PC culture; British ones dont give a fuck

Richard Nixons new standup special is pretty alright in it? @jimmycarr

The new @jimmycarr special is absolutely amazing. Check out The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits on Netflix.

New high point in your career @jimmycarr, your latest special made two of us sick to our stomachs. Too bad is was the camera work and editing that did it. Hope the jokes were just as memorable.

The new @jimmycarr special combines my two favorite things: Genius side splitting one liners and @thekillers.

Just saw the awesome @NetflixIsAJoke @jimmycarr special and all I can say is: please come to Budapest as well Jimmy!

I wrote a joke and used it on my website recently which is very similar to one on @jimmycarr s hilarious new @netflix special. Other than people will think I pinched it (honestly I didnt) I was chuffed I could come up with something at a similar level as one of my fave comedians

Do yourself a favour and watch the @jimmycarr special @NetflixIsAJoke Actually hilarious!

Absolutely love the Netflix special from @jimmycarr

Watched @jimmycarr Netflix comedy special with my dad just now. Best & worst decision of my life.

So watched @rickygervais stand up special and @jimmycarr stand up special. Im intrigued. Whos stealing jokes from who?!? Both very similar.

Looking forward to watching the new @jimmycarr special on Netflix this evening. Not entirely sure why theyve chosen to promote it with an image of a young Richard Nixon though...

If were all Gods children, whats so special about Jesus? Jimmy Carr

Jimmy Carr is certainly a better comedian than I could ever be, but his formula of 1. say something that sounds respectful and sensitive 2. turn it into something disrespectful is tedious. His Netflix special was unbearable.

Ricoh Sales Conference London with special guest Jimmy Carr tonight

After watching @jimmycarrs newest Netflix special Im not sure if I should say poor Shanes mom or, yes, free advertising!

Women give men the silent treatment because they think that its a punishment... We have a special name for silent treatment... Its called peace and quiet... ~ Jimmy Carr.

The LPMs (laughs per minute) in @jimmycarr new @netflix special is crazy.

Wow @jimmycarr released a best of special on Netflix and Im scared to know how it could get worse.

Watching Jimmy Carrs newest stand up special and realising its in the Olympia somehow (and idk why) made my day so much better

If you like @jimmycarr, you owe it to yourself to spend an hour of your time watching his latest comedy special on @netflix. My throat and face hurt through laughing! Be warned: he is as edgy as ever and truly on form.

Did @NetflixUK actually pay @jimmycarr for his new special?!? If I wanted to watch old recycled shit Id watch the McCanns protest their innocence again...

Jimmy Carr used the same joke in his 2019 Netflix special that Anthony Jeselniks 2015 special

I totally forgot the Jimmy Carr special hit Netflix!

If you havent seen Jimmy Carrs special on Netflix... Youre missing out big time

Time to watch Jimmy Carrs new Netflix Special

On Jimmy Carrs Netflix special: The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits He says, If only Africa had more mosquito nets,then every year we could save millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly of AIDs Funny? Overboard? #comedy #standup #KenyaUprising #SudanUprising

Jimmy Carr with another hilarious special

New @jimmycarr Netflix special is fucking brilliant.

Just about to go in on the new Jimmy Carr special I better be offended or I wont be impressed.... oh burns victim joke Im happy already

As someone who hasnt ever watched SNL because in England we have countless panel shows hosted by Jimmy Carr, is every SNL skit as boringly written as that D&D roleplaying one, or is this some kind of special occasion?

Im a @jimmycarr fan but having a new @NetflixUK special thats just his old material , feels lazy , give us something new Jimmy

This Jimmy Carr Netflix special taped in Dublin, wow! I didnt know Liverpools playing at home as a euphemism for shark week.

Jimmy Carr is great. His Netflix special is top notch.

Jimmy Carr is one of my fav comedian, borderline jokes is what comedy should be about. His new Netflix special is funny

Watching @jimmycarr s Netflix special. Brilliant, hilarious, and offensive. Just like good comedy should be.

Cw: rape Netflix Jimmy Carr special on tv in the next room and boy howdy a LOT of his jokes are very rapey. I know offensive is his shtick but seriously, yeesh.

Nothing tickles me more than a new @jimmycarr special on @NetflixMENA at the end of a long day

the Jimmy Carr special on Netflix is hilariously offensive and if you dont think those two things coexist beautifully side by side then you need to watch it.

Hey brand new Jimmy Carr special on Netflix, this night just took a positive turn :)

A new Jimmy Carr special on Netflix? Im in. — watching Jimmy Carr

Jimmy Carr special

Never seen much of @amyschumer but this @netflix special is so funny, dont think Ive seen my wife laugh so much at a stand up since the early Jimmy Carr days!

New @jimmycarr Netflix special is out. Today is a good day!

Just saw @jimmycarrs new @NetflixUK #comedy special. Thought it was really funny, but I didnt like all the dwarf jokes... Its just punching down

Do yourself a favor and go watch that Jimmy Carr special on Netflix. I swear. NOT 3 MINS IN. IM LAUGHING.

Watched Jimmy Carrs new special then AKAs Roast. Im now too exhausted to watch football

Jimmy Carrs latest Netflix special (The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits) opening uses another The Killers song. This time, The Man.

After every second episode of that madeline mccann documentary I need to stop, have a break. Watch a bit of that @jimmycarr comedy special, to try and balance off the evil with humour. Then spend a couple of days recovering before I want h any more

This new @jimmycarr special on netflix is too funny ... Sir James you are a genius ! Some of the funniest jokes Ive ever heard

The new @jimmycarr special on Netflix is just what I need before bed.

Watching the Jimmy carr special and when he made lightly of self harm I kinda got offended. Not funny, rude.

Tues March 12th Premiere Jimmy Carr: The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits - SPECIAL Comedy @netflix Terrace House: Opening New Doors - Foreign/Reality on @netflix Master Chef Junior - Reality Competition on @FOXTV at 8pm Videos After Dark - Reality on @ABCNetwork at 10pm

Am I the only one that thinks Jimmy Carr is funny? (Totally not watching his Netflix special while working )

You thought Dave Chapelles comedy special on Netflix was edgy? Well, try Jimmy Carr.

This new Jimmy Carr special is the funniest shit Ive seen in a while

Just watched a Jimmy Carr stand up special. This man is hilarious. Seems like Ive got his laugh too lmao It feels good to just spend an hour laughing nonstop

COMEDY SPECIAL If anyone wants a good special to watch full of dark jokes, watch Jimmy Carrs special on Netflix: The Best Of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits. Jam fucking packed of great jokes and dark humour.

Just spent half an hour watching Jimmy Carrs new Netflix special and realised I hadnt laughed. I get the jokes and see how hes doing puns with near-the-knuckle, but I feel like Im just watching someone whos good at doing that without actually being funny.

.@jimmycarrs new @netflix special is my new favorite thing.

Jimmy Carrs new special is hilarious

Jimmy Carr has a new comedy special out and Im excited

Jimmy Carr has a new Netflix Special!!!

I really wish theyd stop cutting to a swinging pan shot in Jimmy Carrs new special. Its the most distracting thing in the world. Especially the one that did a complete 360 of him. All I could think was are the audience watching a camera operator walk around him on stage??.

the jimmy carr on netflix comedy special makes me want to throw up. cringy and chauvinistic.

This new Netflix special by @jimmycarr is probably the most fun way to get shocked and offended. If you watch it, youll feel really bad about laughing at Shane. Watch it to find out who Shane is.

It appears Netflix have employed Jimmy Carr to pretend to be Jimmy Carr in his Greatest Hits special, but that they didnt pay him enough to do it convincingly. Wondering how many times the audience had seen the circling opening shot. Hes still a genius but something feels amiss

This Netflix special got enough to offend everyone, or alternatively, it can make a lot of us laugh at a lot of stupid things, the ultimate English humour. @jimmycarr I like your ugly face talking

Check out @jimmycarr on @NetflixIsAJoke. New special is brilliant.

saw that netflix had a new jimmy carr comedy special up.. got so excited then realized i saw him live with all these jokes, but here i am watching it again, minus the bit where he made fun of me bc its not filmed where i saw him ahahah

oh wow Jimmy Carrs stand up special on Netflix... if you wanna be totally offended at what youre laughing about, you should check it out. as an sjw I cant endorse it though lol

jimmy carrs new netflix special is so funny dhsjjdks

One of the one-liners in Jimmy Carrs new standup special is nearly identical to a joke from a 2016 Inlander article of mine. Not remotely suggesting he stole it, just happy that my material is up to par. (Or, at least, up to Carr.)

Jimmy carrs new Netflix special is deffo worth a watch

Jimmy Carrs new Netflix special is fucking hilarious
