
Today is new Marc Maron special day. So excited. So very excited. #EndTimesFun

Very happy to see a new Marc Maron special on Netflix

Ill watch the Marc Maron special after I cut off all my fingers and toes with a putty knife.

Hello everyone the Marc Maron special is very good. #Reviewed

Heres the art that got me through today: MUSIC Kurt Vile Neil Young Cate LeBon Jessica Pratt William Tyler Mary Lattimore Sudan Archives Finished reading MY LUNCHES WITH ORSON. Loved it. Watched Marc Marons new special END TIMES FUN. Masterful, his new high water mark.

Marc Marons new Netflix special might be the most unintentionally timely comedy piece of the era. Funny as hell, but so much what we need to hear right now.

Marc Maron new special End Times Fun on netflix is brilliant. Loved it. When he went off on Mike Pence I was rolling on the floor laughing.

watched the Marc Maron special last night and enjoyed a good laugh

Im enjoying the new Marc Maron special. I feel like wed get along well.

Me: Ive been feeling a little depressed the past few days Netflix: ok, Marc Maron special? Me: oOo ya!

Im out. Marc Maron special on Netflix. Later!

The Mark Maron special on Netflix is fantastic. Im dying. The Pete Davidson special. Meh.

the world is ending but at least theres a new marc maron standup special out

My second week In quarantine I got through: Sunny S14 The Mandalorian S01 The Hidden fortress The passenger Dead poets society Us Every day Blow out Lock, stock and two smoking barrels Midsommar Marc Maron special Bert Kreischer special #QuarantineLife

Maybe I picked the wrong night to watch a Marc Maron special called #endtimesfun

postponed like 1000 programs today-this is the best possible release date for a marc maron special

Time to watch the new Marc Maron hour special on Netflix, End Times Fun!

Marc Marons new special End Times Fun is damn good. @marcmaron is older, smarter, chiller, and funnier. I think hes at the top of his game.

doing some saturday quarantine self care with a mask and marc marons netflix special.

Watching Marc Marons newest special and fully acknowledging that I have a type which is: men that could have been my Honors English teacher in high school.

Yo, this Marc Maron special on Netflix is great! If youre a cynical asshole like me, then you gotta watch it.

The doors of the Laugh Factory, closed at 9PM on a Sunday Walls covered in billboards advertising Marons newest Netflix special End Times Fun This is something you could never make up because youd never try

NEW MARC MARON SPECIAL YAYAYAYAYAY

Marc Marons special End Times Fun is really great + (deliberately) uncomfortable bc: 1) it is a poignant, funny, well written and couldnt be more relevant 2) I think this might be the first time Ive felt attracted to a man older than my dad. (No one tell him. Either man.)

Listening in on conference call with over 130 educators across Mississippi seeking information from Jim Keith John Hooks Elizabeth Maron regarding Special Ed services. Building a better Mississippi daily

New Maron special out!

Oh hey, theres a new Marc Maron special on Netflix. Finally, something to cheer me up.

Watching the new Marc Maron special. He starts with the question Ive been working on my whole adult life without success: How to learn to accept love?

I can tell Im getting old because I watched the new Marc Maron special and my main takeaway was you know, the man makes some good points.

I sent my dad my review of Marc Marons latest special to see if its too mean and he very sincerely goes, I am happy I now know the word edgelord. I looked it up and now I feel more in the know.

Wow. Mark Marons special on Netflix is unbelievably apropos. Its like he saw the future.

The new Maron special is fantastic.

Time for #maron special on Netflix. Fingers crossed! @marcmaron

This Marc Maron special is just what I needed

The new Marc Maron special is great. You should go watch it.

Watching the new Marc Maron special was everything I needed tonight

How did Netflix drop this Marc Maron special right on cue?? Good stuff

Im watching ANOTHER Marc Maron special (yes, I have a problem), and in the middle of it he makes a very authentic rooster sound (theres no time to explain), and it not only woke up my dog but cause her to HOWL, LOUDLY for the first time in her life.

Im not going to lie, I dont like the new Marc Maron special. This is a weird thing to say about a comedy special, its just not entertaining.

Marons special has Mike Pence getting decapitated by a giant, fire-spewing cock and thats not half as debasing as slobbering all over Trump in public.

New maron special

This Marc maron special on Netflix is amazing

Hey guys, the Marc Maron special on Netflix is rly good.

Mark Marons Netflix special is great. And when you realise it was filmed last year, some of what he says is especially prophetic.

Mark Marons Netflix special is what pillow talk sounds like at my house

After a long day of corona this & corona that its times to sit back and laugh it off with this new Marc Maron special.

The MARC MARON special on Netflix is awesome as well.

Trying to drown out the neighbours yelling with the new maron special and its slightly less of a downer. But yknow sometimes thats enough. Just the way it is.

New Maron special was all right, until he got to the part about but you know what Mike Pence really wants to do, right? and, like, come on.

Catching up on Netflix stuff. Watched To All the Boys 2, Pain and Gain, and Marc Marons new special. Surprisingly, the Michael Bay movie was the best of the bunch. Marons special isnt as good as his last. Kind of rough love triangle in All the Boys, but still pretty charming

I fell asleep watching the Marc Maron special last night; got abnormally bad sleep and had some anxiety dreams - attributed to our troubling times. Looked at the Netflix tab a little while ago and saw that it had played through the entire Love Is Blind season. Ah, now I get it.

The Mark Maron special on Netflix is me. Neurotic to a tee.

That new Marc Maron special on Netflix is.....eerily prescient.

New Maron special came out at an interesting time. Also its really good

I liked the new Marc Maron special that is all

Anyway, that new Maron special is something if you have a high tolerance for, uh, stuff

If you have Netflix, you really need to watch the new Marc Maron special. Eerie how prophetic it kinda is. Eerie. But funny.

new marc maron special is what i needed

Watching the Marc Maron special on Netflix. Go to bed with a smile.

Theres a new Marc Maron special up on the Netflix (End Times Fun, its called) and its pretty good if you like that kind of thing. More pop-culture hot takes as I get em.

The new Marc Maron special on Netflix is just what I needed.

Been working for six hours straight, seguiré trabajando but watching the new Marc Maron special.

Marc Maron special was so good

Me: Finishing a movie with a sequel that Netflix has Netflix: You sure you dont want to watch this Marc Maron special?

I watched a new Mark Maron special last night, presumably recorded months ago, where he jokes about how the sky could catch fire and it would be five minutes before some rightwing idiot came along talking about how a burning sky is normal, fine, and creates jobs Eerily prescient

For those who need a break from politics Marc Marons Netflix special is out and its funny.

Marc Marons new special on Netflix is pretty prescient for our current times

If youre looking for something to watch, Marc Marons Netflix special was very entertaining and oddly prophetic.

Is that new Marc Maron stand-up special out yet? Im not even really a huge fan, Im just in the mood for that kinda thing.

Man, the new Marc Maron special (End Times Fun) came out at a weirdly perfect time. Thoroughly enjoyed it, as expected.

For those keeping score: Marc Marons new Netflix Special>>>>>>>>>> Tom Seguras new Netflix Special

Anyone who doesnt know me IRL, If you want something close to the experience of hanging out with me, just watch the new Marc Maron special on Netflix...about the same.

Its gotten so bad I watched the new Maron special last night. I cant really say Im enjoying watching comedy right now but his closer was great.

also the marc maron stand up special is very good AND the newest bert kreischer special hey big boy is up on netflix and i saw this one live and hes so good

Watched the new marc maron special. Of course its hilarious, but all I have to say is this - Like a screen door in a hurricane, my good dudes.

Haha, MCU super nerds are not going to like the Maron special.

The new Marc Maron special is very good. As usual.

Ah, this Marc Maron special isnt exactly the relaxing evening entertainment I had expected (jk, I knew)

Marons special is alarmingly prescient

Im watching Mark Marons stand-up special on Netflix, and his whole aesthetic is... everything I like about men. Professorial. Older. Vest. Spectacles. Cuffed jeans. Help. Im... tragically bisexual.

The marc maron special is killing me I wish I was this funny

PSA: new Marc Maron special is grade A

Watched the new Marc Maron special last night. Pretty interesting how he talks about something really bad needs to happen before people wake up. I think its going to take more than one bad thing at the same damn time. Because here we are and people still arent woke.

This Marc Maron special Bredda

The new Marc Maron special on Netflix is very in the mood of the moment, but hes funny about it if youre looking for a little comic relief

had a really hard day. cant sleep. so i threw on marc marons most recent special. i dont care about the comedy. his voice calms me. he makes me feel safe. im gonna suck my thumb and sleep sound while marc complains about this or that and i know one day well fuck.

Lets see how long I last with this new Maron special. Over/under is 7 minutes.

Oh fuck yes did I need a new Marc Maron special.

Oh my god in his new comedy special Marc Maron says he knows he exists because he looks at his cat Monkey and Monkey is there so he knows hes there and get Gertrude Stein on the horn because I AM I BECAUSE MY LITTLE DOG KNOWS MEEEE!!!

Marc Maron spends about roughly ten minutes of his new special talking about Marvel.

Example 2 of what kind of a sucker I am. I watched the recent Maron special and then bought turmeric with black pepper.

I tried I really did. Marc Maron new @netflix special was just horrible. Not engaging at all. Maybe the last 58 minutes are amazing. Guess I will never know

im not a marc maron acolyte by any means but the bit in his new special where he talks about how public response to trump refusing to leave office would be everyone wincing and shrugging and just being like i dont know, what do we do? is uncomfortably on point

my day is goign to be 50% excitement for this maron special and 50% dread for the end of Bernie Sanders. this day needs to end. and I need coconut cake. and a flat white. and i am going to it.

TV addict PSA 1. Little Fires Everywhere is now on HULU 2. Marc Maron has a new special on Netflix 3. The Office is still on Netflix 4. 30 Rock is still on Hulu 5. I used to wear -11 powered glasses for 2 decades 6. Then LASIK happened. Now no parent can keep me from my bae, TV
