Just watched Rob Schneiders new comedy special on Netflix and Im in SHOCK at the fact that he can SING!!!! Him and his daughter do a duet at the end and its absolutely endearing and beautiful......what a beautiful moment

I will not have Kamala Harris and Joe Biden ruin the day of Rob Schneiders new Netflix comedy special. Today is for Rob

Just when you thought 2020 couldnt get worse, Netflix releases a Rob Schneider stand up special.

Theres a new Rob Schneider special on Netflix.

The Rob Schneider @netflix special is worth every moment, if only for the duet he sings with his daughter @ElleKingMusic at the end!

Im watching the Rob Schneider NETFLIX Special and in the first ten seconds, while walking out to cheers and applause, he says, Hey everyone! YOU CAN DO IT! Almost as if to say, I did the thing now settle down and listen to the new songs.

Rob Schneider has a new Netflix comedy special. I hope theres a vaccine to protect us from it.

Holy shit! That new @RobSchneider Special on @netflix was great! That duo with @ElleKingMusic was great! Rob can belt a tune!

Netflix is out of new shit. When you post a Rob Schneider stand-up special, the next step is just video of a fire in a fireplace. JK, they already have THREE DIFFERENT videos like that. One of them is the birch edition! Thats not even a joke!

trying to figure out where I went so badly wrong that Netflix put a Rob Schneider stand-up special at the top of my homepage today

I will not have Mr. Peanut ruin the day of Rob Schneiders new Netflix comedy special. Today is for Rob

The rob schneider Netflix special is actually funnier than I thought it was gonna be

Im throwing a Rob Schneider Netflix special viewing party tonight & youre all invited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

and as if 2020 couldnt get any worse : Rob Schneider came out with a netflix special.

Started watching Rob Schneiders new special on Netflix but couldnt get past even half of it. Russell Peter-esque but way way worse.

Uh, Netflix has a stand-up special with Rob Schneider, I finally make my dream come true and never watch that shit ever.

Adam Sandler finishing his Netflix negotiations: So I get $100,000,000 for 6 more comedies.. <Rob Schneider whispers in his ear> Ah yeah. And Rob here gets a stand-up special in, uh, 2020.

Can you imagine if I was all like man, I gotta get this Rob Schneider Netflix special all up in me?!

Currently watching the Rob Shneidar comedy special on Netflix. Fucking hilarious .

Rob Schneider has a special on Netflix? I havent heard that name in years.

Rob Schneiders netflix special was... how he really feel about his mom tho jeez

This Rob Schneider netflix special has me in all kinds of tears. Thanks, my man. Really needed a night like this.

Rob Schniders new Netflix special is sooo funny! Highly recommend

#Netflix Rob Schneider special stand up racist but its so funny I think I just peed myself

i love rob schneider im movies but this new netflix special is doggy doo

Rob Schneider has a new stand-up special about the guitar industry. #NetflixOriginal #Netflix

Rob Schneiders Netflix special is about as good as you would imagine

The new Rob Schneider @Netflix special is bad. I really wanted to like it but I couldnt. Hopefully David Spade will get one soon. #Netflix

I put on the Rob Schneider special on Netflix. Its not funny to me.

I am so unbelievably bored that I just turned on the Rob Schneider stand-up special on Netflix. Someone please save me. Can we do something fun?

Do I really want Netflix to know I liked the Rob Schneider special? #secretthumbsup

The Rob Schneider Netflix special is bad. It starts bad and somehow gets progressively worse.

Rob Schneider singing with his daughter after his Netflix special is awesome!!!

Rob Schneider & his daughter singing on his @netflix special was so adorable

Did you know Rob Schneider is Elle Kings dad? I had no idea. Just watched his comedy special on Netflix. They sang a duet at the end.

Watched the Rob Schneider Netflix special and I learned the following: 1) His daughter is Elle King 2) He can sing ... and sing well!

I see Rob Schneider has a new special on Netflix.If ever there was a sign to start living off grid, this is it.

Rob Schneider #Netflix special is hilarious. The dont make them in Senate. lol

YAY, A ROB SCHNEIDER STAND-UP SPECIAL ON NETFLIX said no one ever

So its Late... Pandemic and shit is happening in the world. I tune out  and watch #Netflix. Rob Snyders stand up special. 

OMG at the end he does a amazing duet with his daughter #ElleKing   I dont know that much about her but Im inspired musically. What a great singing voice

Just watched Rob Schneiders Netflix comedy special. It was good. The end with his daughter had me in awe tears. I highly recommend.

I started watching Rob Schneiders Netflix special last night and idk why the hell I did that. Like... I know I dont find that man funny. I know his comedy style is not for me. So why the hell was I all oOh bENefIt 0F tHE dOuBT

LEGIT. FAM. RIGHT. NAO. Fire up Netflix, put on @RobSchneider new comedy special. FAM. RIGHT. NAO. NI HAO MAO? DO EET! Asian Mom, Mexican Kids. Rob, you are awesome.

its funny that netflix simultaneously removes a smart always sunny episode for blackface and publishes a rob schneider special thats head to toe racist impressions because they know no one cares enough to watch the schneider special

idk whats more embarrassing - Netflix giving rob schneider a standup special or that its only 45 minutes

Watched the new stand up special last night on @Netflix_CA with Rob Schneider. It was great until that guy came in to play the piano tbh. Overall a good show, laughed a whole lot.

We shouldnt cancel people or take things away from people based on what they did in their past. Hell, Rob Schneider existed in the 90s and still got a Netflix special.

Just watched @RobSchneider new special on Netflix. Rob, the song with your daughter was a beautiful moment. Thanks for sharing it with us.

Rob Schneiders #Netflix stand-up special should be titled Ya Know? Watch 5 mins of it and change my mind

Just sitting around watching Rob Schneiders new  Netflix special, Look, I swear to God Im not racist

You guys really gotta check out rob schneiders new Netflix special

Ooh whats this?  A new Rob Schneider comedy special on Netflix? Hell yeah! Lets do this!  Ooh and whats this?  A claw hammer to smash my balls with?  Hell yeah! Lets do this!

Today my therapist told me he watched the new Rob Schneider stand-up special on Netflix. Anyway, I need a new therapist.

Just saw Rob Schneiders special on Netflix and I think were safe to declare hes not Asian. Hes a white man doing borderline racist Asian impressions. The fact he needs to justify his Filipino heritage in order to setup the joke should say enough. #Netflixisajoke #robscheider

I recommend all my friends to watch Rob Schneiders Netflix special. I was dyinngggggg. He starts with low energy then goes in during his impressions lol

Rob Schneiders comedy special on Netflix is so hilarious. And his daughter Elle King. Wow, what a voice. Ethereal.

Id love if @anylaurie16 got a @netflix special and called it Rob Schneider.

The new Rob Schneider special on Netflix is waaaay funnier than I expected. I made it 20 minutes in before turning it off.

Looking to see whats new on Netflix, trying to determine if I want to reup so I can watch Umbrella Academy. Rob Schneider has a Netflix standup special. BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. . .. ... No.

Rob Schneider Netflix special comedy

Theres a Rob Schneider comedy special in Netflix. Dont watch it. Nothing funny about it. Youre welcome.

Rob Schneider has a new Netflix special, he says scrolling past it as fast as humanly possible. #TrollAtHeart

Just watched the trailer for Rob Schneiders Netflix special. Now Im watching the special to see if they chose to make the trailer unfunny.

I just finished watching @RobSchneiders @Netflix special, Asian Momma, Mexican Kids. Definitely recommend it if you want a moment to escape & lol. No one in the audience wooed when Rob mentioned he was Filipino but I wooed in my room. Face with tears of joy

New Rob Schneider special on netflix is great

When you guys are thinking How could Mick watch Star Trek: Deep Space 9 THAT many times? I want you to remember that in the middle of a pandemic Netflix released a ROB SCHNEIDER comedy special. Then maybe think twice about asking me something like that.

Should I watch the Rob Schneider standup special on Netflix or do I have a ways to go to hit rock bottom?

Id rather watch Rob Schneider comedy stand up special on Netflix than Brendan Shaub stand up... or podcast... or opinions

Just watched @RobSchneider Netflix Stand-Up Special, Asian Momma, Mexican Kids. I have never laughed so hard, my stomach was hurting and I was in tears. Plus a great ending and duet with his daughter @ElleKingMusic Thank you ROB!. Cant wait to see more NETFLIX SPECIALS

WHY DID NO TELL ME ROB SCHNEIDER CAME OUT WITH A NEW NETFLIX SPECIAL?!

Id suck a jean jacket through a curly straw before I watch Rob Schneiders Netflix special bro

yall.... the end of rob schneiders comedy special on netflix made me cry like a mf baby

Going to watch Rob Schneiders comedy special on Netflix again
