Were 7 minutes and 49 seconds into Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix comedy special Stay Hungry, and Ive actually had to pause it so my husband can catch his breath from laughing. Seriously, I thought he was going to pass out. @SebastianComedy

SUPER FUNNY FUNNY SHIT. — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

Watching Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special, I dont remember the last time I laughed this hard.

This guy cracks me up. He is awesome. Im loving this new special — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

Watching Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special. Its SO good except all I hear is Joe Gorgas voice

Just watched Sebastian Maniscalco special on Netflix - its funny. Not half as funny as Bob Kelly - how is this guy not doing arenas? #robertkelly @robertkelly #comedy

Watching the rest of this....hilarious so far! — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

Yo @PaulCastronovo @ibToast the Netflix special just released of Sebastian Maniscalco is INCREDIBLE!

Currently watching the Sebastian Maniscalco special on Netflix, while I get to SEE HIM PERFORM TOMORROW @ MADISON SQUARE GARDEN

Thanks so much to @SebastianComedy for your new #StayHungry special on @netflix. Its hard to make me laugh out loud while at home by myself but hoo-boy did I laugh. Out loud. For an hour! Grazie mille, Sebastian! (You were great in The Green Book, too) #SebastianManiscalco

Netflix special. So funny. Nelson Cordeiro you should watch this — watching Sebastian Maniscalco

THATS A DIFFERENT GUY! the Sebastian Maniscalco STAY HUNGRY Netflix special was some good shit, been a huge fan of his last 2 specials, dude is funny as fuck. I think the first 2 were better than the 3rd tho, just had a different energy but still some classic material in it.

Sebastian Maniscalco Stay Hungry on @netflix stand up special highly recommended if anyone wants a good laugh! @SebastianComedy might be the funniest man on the planet!

The end of my work week and spending my day repairing a busted heater hose assembly tee. Lets see how fast Amazon ships my part. Arriving sometime today. — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

Watched the @SebastianComedy special on @netflix last night. Let me just say. I didnt think he could top Arent you embarrassed but Im positive he did. Absolutely amazing. Great work Sebastian! Was in tears basically the whole time. Everyone should see it !

The Sebastian Maniscalco Netflix special is amazing

Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix comedy special Stay Hungry is an absolute must watch

sebastian maniscalcos netflix comedy special is way too fuckin hilarious

Its impossible to watch Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special Stay Hungry without thinking of Brian Regan and Andrew Dice Clay.

Omg Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special is too funny

Comic Sebastian Maniscalco has a new special on Netflix now called Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry. I watched it last night & its other good one if you like this guy. Check it out!

The new Sebastian Maniscalco Stay Hungry special on @netflix

is like only 1/10th as funny as the first. I thought it was just my mood but I watched it twice, didnt laugh once. Bummed. I loved his humor. It was only like an hour or so of mere cynicism.

The Sebastian Maniscalco special on Netflix is worth your hour to watch. Shit legit had me laughing out loud last night. Legit

Until this week I never heard of Sebastian Maniscalco and now hes got a Netflix special and was a guest on Stern yesterday. Not sure what I was doing during his rise, but kudos. What am I missing?

I did not laugh once in an hour of Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special. Overrated.

I watched a @Netflix comedy special called Stay Hungry starring Sebastian Maniscalco. OMG!!!!!! I laughed out loud from beginning to end. Its one of the best comedy special Ive seen. #HighlyRecommend

I just watched the Sebastian Maniscalco special on Netflix. I was crying laughing. Loved it. #StayHungry

Cant wait to watch Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special tonight

Sebastian Maniscalcos Netflix special is here and Ive been waiting for this day for a longggg time

Must-see on Netflix. Comedian Sebastian Maniscalos Stay Hungry special. I laughed so hard I was in tears.

Oh my GOD a new Sebastian Maniscalco special on Netflix. Popcorn: Ready! Couch: Comfy!#StayHungry

THEY PUT A SEBASTIAN MANISCALCO SPECIAL ON NETFLIX

Oh! Netflix just released Sebastian Maniscalcos latest #comedy special. A must-see. If you dont know, now you know. #laughter

Omg, my favorite comedian, Sebastian Maniscalco, is coming up on Howard Stern. His new standup special came on Netflix today. It will be a must watch. The guy is hilarious.

New Sebastian Maniacalco special on @netflix. Week made! @SebastianComedy

Hey @Netflix who wrote the god awful description for Sebastian Maniscalcos Stay Hungry special? I mean... Acerbically? Who do you think you are? Shakespeare?

Sebastian Maniscalco new special on Netflix is funny as fuckkkk

Im dying at the Sebastian Maniscalco Netflix special until he pronounced calamari like its spelt, that definitely killed the mood for a second

Sebastian Maniscalco has a new special on Netflix if any of you are into laughing

The Sebastian Maniscalco Netflix special was even funnier than I hoped for. That guy is hilarious.

HOW DID I FORGET TO WATCH THE STAY HUNGRY SPECIAL OF SEBASTIAN MANISCALCO ON NETFLIX TODAY WOOOOOWWW!!? Well guess I know what Im watching tomorrow. So disappointed in myself.

Sebastian Maniscalco is soooo funny. So excited to watch the Netflix special!

If you like to laugh. This. — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

OMG fuck Sebastian maniscalco, the worst! How did he get a Netflix special?!?!?

I watched Sebastian Maniscalcos new special on Netflix and for some reason I thought it would be new stuff but it was from the last show I went to. It was still funny as hell.

This is hilarious! — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

I was watching the new Sebastian Monsacalo special on Netflix while eating my breakfast and laughed so hard that I choked on a piece of avacado. I literally almost died and it wouldve been the best way to go, honesty. @SebastianComedy

Everything about that preview for Sebastian Maniscalos Netflix special makes me think he needs to watch that Gillette commercial

Omg I didnt know Sebastian Maniscalco had a new Netflix standup special Weary faceRaising handsRaising handsRaising handsRaising handsRaising hands hes is hilarious

Sebastian Maniscalcos new Netflix special made me laugh more than anything in awhile. Hes like a sarcastic Kevin Hart with his delivery and act outs. heres not much to read into this, I was just surprised I liked it so much and would recommend it, carry on...

Sebastian Maniscalco Stay Hungry stand-up special on Netflix is laugh out loud by yourself funny!

Sebastian Maniscalcos new stand-up special on Netflix is phenomenal...only comedian that gets me to audibly laugh out loud, no matter what hes doing @SebastianComedy

Sebastian Maniscalco and his @netflix special #StayHungry just made me pee my pants. Thanks!

Who the fuck is Sebastian Maniscalco? Where did he come from? And how did this dude sell out 4 nights at Madison square garden? Just tried to watch his Netflix special...hes really not that funny.

Omg love him!!!!! Great special on Netflix!!!!! — watching Sebastian Maniscalco

Really Netflix reviewers?! Only 2 s for Sebastian Maniscalcos Stay Hungry special? Get RIGHT! This was an amazing comedic hour! This man is real.

Omg Sebastian Maniscalco has a new special?! Im laughing already. #StayHungry #Netflix

LMFAO!!! I am literally crying! — watching Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry A Netflix Special

Sebastian Maniscalco new Netflix special very solid.

Sebastian Maniscalco is the best clean comic right now. Recommend his new special on Netflix.

Sebastian Maniscalcos comedy special on Netflix didnt disappoint. In my top 3. (Most are trash tho)

If you havent seen/watched Sebastian Manasco comedy specials youre missing out. My favorite comic for last 2yrs. Favorite Netflix special of his #ArentYouEmbarassed is classic. Trust me

sebastian maniscalcos new netflix special is hilarious

sebastian maniscalcos stay hungry comedy special on netflix is absolutely HILARIOUS.

Sebastian Maniscalo is very possibly the FUNNIEST comedian, Ive watched his Netflix special four times and I laugh harder every time I see it. HIGHLY recommend

Sebastian Maniscalcos special on Netflix is hilarious

Since Im stuck at home today, Im watching the new Sebastian Maniscalco comedy special on Netflix. Suggestion for those stuck indoors due to the cold...
